## Purpose

From the HacDC Bylaws, Article III, Section 2:

:   At the annual meeting, the voting members shall elect the Board of
    Directors, review and vote on the standing rules and policies of the
    corporation, receive reports on the activities of the corporation,
    approve the budget and determine the direction of corporation in the
    coming year.

This meeting will also serve as the monthly meeting for the month of
March.

## Time and Location {#time_and_location}

March 12, 2013

Meeting called to order at 7:45 p.m. by Ben the Pyrate

Members Present: Ben, Dan, Shawn, Dave, mirage335, Loki, Bryce, Chris,
Reuven, Shahar, Tim D., Phil W, Phil S., Brad, Alberto, Katie, Tim
Slagle, David Whiteis, Martin, Nick B., Justin Myers, Jon H, Jamie Ai,
William Gibb, Andy Ta

Others Present: Logan, Graham

[Quorum](Quorum) met? yes

## Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes {#approval_of_previous_meetings_minutes}

[Regular Member Meeting 2013 02
12](Regular_Member_Meeting_2013_02_12) Approved unanimously.

## Recognition

Eric for being our president. Even if he didn't show up tonight. :P

Tim Slagle for being treasurer. And proposing Project Awesome.

And the entire board.

## Director Reports {#director_reports}

### President's Report {#presidents_report}

Absent.

### Vice President's Report {#vice_presidents_report}

Nothing to report.

### Treasurer's Report {#treasurers_report}

Here is the financial summary spreadsheet for February 2013:
![](HacDC_Financials_2013_02.pdf "HacDC_Financials_2013_02.pdf"). We
gained one new member (Philip Westlow). The other two members voted in
last meeting have not paid their dues yet. We lost Stephen Beuttel ~~and
dropped Reuven Cohen after 4 months without dues payment~~. We had 55
paying members and 2 non-paying members. Our dues revenue continues to
meet our expenses again, and thanks to those that donate extra we had a
regular (non-earmarked) monthly net of \$563.

Quorum is 14.

#### Project Awesome {#project_awesome}

We had a surplus so I am able to declare a \$450 Project Awesome
dividend and add \$113 to our reserves. Here is the Project Awesome
spreadsheet for February:
![](HacDC_PA_Projects-2013_02.pdf "HacDC_PA_Projects-2013_02.pdf").
Thanks to everyone that voted for projects in February, there are now
nine votes total.

There have been no reports for Project 3DP (3D Printing, contact Andy
Ta) for the last two months so the project is suspended and will get no
additional funding. If there is no report for next month it will be
**cancelled** and any funds returned to the general. Andy, if you are
out there, file a report or have someone else do it! And if you don't
think you'll want to continue as coordinator, please turn it over to
someone else.

### Secretary's Report {#secretarys_report}

Announcements, membership database.

### Director-at-Large Reports {#director_at_large_reports}

#### Martin

Dan, Hax and Martin attended VWS Winterfest. Brought in \$353 selling
unwanted junk from HacDC. Lots of people were interested in finding out
about HacDC.

#### Andy

Absent.

## [Project Awesome](:Category:Project_Awesome) Reports {#project_awesome_reports}

### Project LASER {#project_laser}

A bunch of research was done, resulting in a comparison
\[<https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/ccc?key=0Ai_FSnJ6DCsUdEpPdDJhM2Y0WUQ5eEw4TzRHMm84SWc&usp=sharing>\|
spreadsheet\] and more [links](LaserCutterLinks) to
manufacturers and articles. HacDC's front door is 30.5 inches wide which
limits our choices substantially.

### Project BYZANTIUM {#project_byzantium}

Won a \$10K grant (InformSec)! Can be spent on ham equipment, raspberry
pis, macbook and macbook air. Also on CDs. The money will go through
HacDC.

Haven't heard back about FEMA grant (no applicants have).

### Project KITBUILD {#project_kitbuild}

Earmarked balance large enough to pay for some tools and supplies, need
to check out existing bin to see what we already have available.

### Project 3DP {#project_3dp}

Do we want to keep buying plastic? Andy will pass the baton to mirage335
as coordinator.

## Member Reports {#member_reports}

### Shawn Nock {#shawn_nock}

GrindDC (HacDC Biohacking Group) hasn't been active for an entire year
yet... but we've made impressive progress. A functional Biosignal Amp
(http://mirage335.dyndns.org/wiki/Mirage335BiosignalAmp), several
versions of tDCS (https://github.com/nocko/tdcs), Implant Design
(https://github.com/nocko/heledd/tree/master/hardware), a temperature
controlled bath for biomaterials testing. Our Grinder nights at the
space regularly attract 8-12 attendees.

We're also in the process of organizing a SMT soldering class in for
HacDC. Prototype teaching boards and partlists we're made
(https://github.com/nocko/smt-practice) and a beta-quality seminar was
held two months ago to test out our teaching chops.

Challenges moving forward:

-   Expanding into DIYBio: Safety (MSDS/right-to-know documentation),
    autoclave and lab glassware purchases, reagent purchase and storage.
-   Heavy interest in Qualified Self projects specifically with respect
    to Smartphone integration (writing apps and developing sensors).
-   Electro-physiology and DIY EEG/EMG: Designing analysis software and
    novel applications for the Biosignal Amp Mirage designed.

### Dan Barlow {#dan_barlow}

Have been telling you about Jon Singer's moving adventure. Do you know
anyone who wants a transformer (designed to be immersed in oil)? Give
Dan feedback about what HacDC wants/needs.

### Philip

See e-mail. (Looking for hardware for old video games for an electronic
literature showcase.)

### David Whiteis {#david_whiteis}

[F3-robot](F3-robot) (used to sequence human genome). Brought
stuff that can be claimed but not left in the space.

### mirage335

Would like laptops for HARC. Offline discussion.

Occupancy sensor is working fine.

### Martin {#martin_1}

There are new HARC postcards that will be sent to FCC license-holders in
DC.

## Old Business {#old_business}

None.

## New Business {#new_business}

### Approve new Standing Rules {#approve_new_standing_rules}

Because the Standing Rules are not fully completed and we haven't had
much time to discuss them among the members before voting, we can just
vote on the first Article today -
[Voting](Proposed_Standing_Rules#Article_I:_Voting). That
will give us the ability to continue edits and discussions, and vote on
the other parts of the Standing Rules at future monthly member meetings.

Unanimously approved.

### Anti-Harassment Policy and Diversity Statement {#anti_harassment_policy_and_diversity_statement}

[Anti-Harassment Policy](Anti-Harassment_Policy) and
[Diversity Statement](Diversity_Statement) need to be voted
on.

Ben read the prepared statement \[insert statement here\].

:   What has transpired?

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```

:   Last Friday, 03/08/2013, there was an e-mail exchange discussing the
    proposed Anti-Harassment policy to be included in HacDC bylaws.
    During this discussion, an individual brought up the topic of rape.
    Specifically, statements were made regarding “false accusations of
    rape” and the “psychology of victimhood.” A few members sent e-mails
    to the board requesting that the conversation be stopped.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```

:   Why is this a problem?

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```

:   This topic directly affects our membership. We, as a community, have
    members who have been victims of sexual violence. Statements like
    this trivialize and normalize their experiences and create a
    threatening and hostile environment at HacDC.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```

:   HacDC is part of the community at St. Stephens, and as part of that
    community bears the responsibility to make the space safe for
    everyone. Statements which create threatening and hostile
    environments cannot be tolerated. These statements do not relate to
    the specific goals of HacDC and are damaging to the organization and
    the community which it is a part of. They alienate part of our
    membership and hurt our standing with hackerspaces, organizations at
    St. Stephens, and all peer/community learning institutions.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```

:   What we intend to do about it.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```

:   E-mail exchanges about this topic will not produce any valuable
    results and will only alienate more members of our community. This
    topic will be discussed at the Annual Meeting on Tuesday, March
    12th, 2013.

Alberto thought it was bad to end an ongoing discussion. It was a
philosophical issue at stake, not big enough to stop the conversation.

Loki proposes a working committee be formed from selected members to
form a version of the Anti-Harassment Policy that has broader consensus.

Reuven says limits for the intensity of conversations should be looked
into.

Jon urges people to keep conversation on topic on the members list.

Doc says this problem crops up in other communities. Invoking the
principle of Buddhist Right Speech seems to fix it. He can post some
links to the wiki about how it has been implemented in other
communities.

Loki gave a one-minute summary arguing in favor of Proposal 2. New
member Graham gave a one-minute summary arguing in favor of Proposal 1.

Two people voted to defer. Two people voted for Proposal 2. Everyone
else voted for Proposal 1. Proposal 1 is approved.

Diversity Statement approved unanimously.

## Board of Directors Elections {#board_of_directors_elections}

### President

Ben has been nominated and wins by default.

### Vice-President {#vice_president}

Shahar and Chris and Reuven have been nominated. Chris wins.

### Treasurer

Katie has been nominated and wins by default.

### Secretary

David Mc has been nominated and wins by default.

### At-Large Directors (two) {#at_large_directors_two}

Shawn Nock and Reuven are nominated and win by default.

## New Members {#new_members}

Logan is originally from DC and just moved back here about a year ago.
Physics background. Programming job. Been coming to GrindDC meetups.
Approved.

Graham moved to DC 3.5 years ago. Has a 3D printer. Does electronics
work for fun. Approved.

## Adjournment

Adjourned at 9:23 pm

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
