Welcome to the HacDC Natural Language Processing and Artificial
Intelligence Group (NARG)

## Overview

.The mission of NARG is to bring HacDC community members that are
interested in NLP and AI together for research, projects, and knowledge
sharing. Supporting members in getting projects done is the primary
goal. Contact [User:Obscurite](User:Obscurite) for more info.

## Reference and Resources {#reference_and_resources}

Add links to AI/NLP reference material, courseware, etc.

-   [Stanford NLP
    course](http://see.stanford.edu/SEE/lecturelist.aspx?coll=63480b48-8819-4efd-8412-263f1a472f5a)
-   [Spiderland / Breve
    docs](http://spiderland.org/breve/documentation.php)
-   [Google AI contest](http://csclub.uwaterloo.ca/contest/)
-   Python Software, Techniques, etc.
    -   [Natural Language Processing with Python (w/
        NLTK)](http://www.nltk.org/book)
    -   [NLTK](http://www.nltk.org)
    -   [IBM article on web
        spidering/scraping](http://www.ibm.com/developerworks/linux/library/l-python-mechanize-beautiful-soup/index.html)
    -   [Python discrete simulation library,
        SimPy](http://simpy.sourceforge.net/)
    -   [Online Book on SimPy &
        Simulation](http://heather.cs.ucdavis.edu/~matloff/simcourse.html)
    -   [Google's Online Python Class
        Materials](http://code.google.com/edu/languages/google-python-class/)
-   Brad's AI Talks
    -   [Media:Ai_hacdc1.pdf](Media:Ai_hacdc1.pdf) - History
        of AI History of AI and Braitenberg Vehicles.
    -   [Media:Ai_hacdc2.pdf](Media:Ai_hacdc2.pdf) -
        Subsumption architectures.
    -   [Media:backprop.pdf](Media:backprop.pdf) - Awesome
        book chapter on backprop.
    -   [Media:Ai_hacdc3.pdf](Media:Ai_hacdc3.pdf) - Intro to
        Neural Networks.
    -   [Media:Ai_hacdc4.pdf](Media:Ai_hacdc4.pdf) -
        Dimensions Distance and Optimization.
    -   [Media:Pso.tgz](Media:Pso.tgz) - Particle Swarm
        Optimizer in Lua (4.0)
    -   [Media:Ai_hacdc5.pdf](Media:Ai_hacdc5.pdf) -
        Stochastic Search and Neural Networks.
    -   [Media:Ai_hacdc6.pdf](Media:Ai_hacdc6.pdf) - Genetic
        Algorithms.
    -   [Media:Ai_hacdc7.pdf](Media:Ai_hacdc7.pdf) -Genetic
        Programming workshop, part 1.
    -   [Media:Ai_hacdc8.pdf](Media:Ai_hacdc8.pdf) -Genetic
        Programming workshop, part 2.

## Members

Some profiles of our members and what they're into:

-   [User:Obscurite](User:Obscurite) (Daniel Packer) -
    Interested in emotional interfaces, responsive human interfaces,
    brain and bio signals, intelligent metadata, and cyborg tech.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Philip Stewart - Primarily interested in figurative language
    comprehension, semantics, and digital poetics. Secondarily,
    event-related potential (ERP) studies, consciousness, and applying
    scientific findings to philosophical "problematics" in novel ways.
    Coursework in psycholinguistics, physiological psychology,
    pharmacology, and functional neuroanatomy.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Bradford Barr ([User:bbarr](User:bbarr))

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Darius Roberts - Interested in novelty detection, as applied to the
    Ambient Lighting Project.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Todd Fine - Interested in analyzing the stream of meaning from
    humans on the internet -- twitter is especially curious. I am a bit
    obsessed with text-to-speech integrated into ambient soundscapes.
    Have flirted with various machine learning and ai algorithms, but
    always need to refresh. I am also interested in simple game AI and
    strategy. Also like computer word games and computer-generated
    theater/poetry. Have used nltk and would like to learn more.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Al Haraka

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   [User:Oberoc](User:Oberoc) (Tino Dai)

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Phil Kimmey: Interest in AI, with a primary interest in learning
    more about non-deterministic approaches and applications, which
    hopefully will lead to an interest in NLP as well.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Mike Daren ([User:Mdaren](User:Mdaren)) - Most experience
    in discrete event-based simulations.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Michael

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Alan ([User:omaha](User:omaha)) - interested in AI for
    games

## Meetings

NARG meets on Thursdays at HacDC from 7-9pm. AI and NLP focus switch
every week to give folks 2 weeks to digest the previous meeting's
content/projects.

Other events and cancelations will be announced via the mailing list.
Check it out! [NARG mailman
page](http://www.hacdc.org/mailman/listinfo/narg)

### Meeting minutes for September 2 2010 {#meeting_minutes_for_september_2_2010}

Discussed new \[Google AI competition <http://www.ai-contest.com/>\] and
began to work with simulator and basic code.

### Meeting minutes for August 12 2010 {#meeting_minutes_for_august_12_2010}

Arc Riley presented a talk on some advanced aspects of XMPP -- PubSub,
Data Forms, and Ad-Hoc Commands -- for use in the sensor network/ambient
lighting project.

### Meeting minutes for July 29 2010 {#meeting_minutes_for_july_29_2010}

Ambient Lighting Project with HacDC's Artifical Intelligence Working
Group (NARG) Interested in the "smart home" concept, HacDC is taking the
blinky lights and LEDs that have always been a foundation of
microcontroller work and starting an ambient lighting platform with an
API that could link into various algorithms -- smart, simple, or silly
-- to affect the color and intensity of lighting in the space and the
"mood" of the space (from sensor data).

NARG will discuss and outline the hardware and software needs for this
platform.

### Meeting minutes for July 22 2010 {#meeting_minutes_for_july_22_2010}

attended: Ben, Sam, Darius, Alan, Brock, Bevan, Arc, and some other
people

LIVE CODING MADNESS This was the definitive lecture on K-Means
clustering. Rather than focus on the uses of K-Means, we explored the
nuts-and-bolts. Brock broke out a little P E R L, on top of an
ImageMagick library.

We discussed different clustering approaches, such as support vector
maps.

Some conceptual discussion of AI followed.

### Meeting minutes for July 8 2010 {#meeting_minutes_for_july_8_2010}

Discussed [Spaced
Repetition](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spaced_repetition) and software
that currently implements it
([SuperMemo](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SuperMemo) and
[Anki](http://ichi2.net/anki/) especially\]. The group discussed how
machine learning or AI techniques could be used to improve or
personalize learning rates, and explored how to make that a measurable
goal.

(... insert more details here ...)

### Meeting minutes for June 17 2010 {#meeting_minutes_for_june_17_2010}

In attendance were Brad, Daniel, Todd, Sean and Jason.

Brad gave his presentation on PushGP, implementing a parser for a
limited PushGP-based system, and implementing an evolutionary loop with
this parser.

Alan posted his Lua code featuring a working implementation of the
evolutionary loop here
[Genetic_programming_example_in_lua](Genetic_programming_example_in_lua)

### Meeting minutes for May 28 2010 {#meeting_minutes_for_may_28_2010}

In attendance were Brad, Daniel, Darius, Todd, Mike D, Tino, Alan, Dirk,
and one other person who found us via google.

Brad presented on GP and continued his workshop. Folks build
interpreters and generators for random programs, and those who'd already
done it began working on the evolutionary functionality. Next week the
workshop will continue.

Daniel posted his python code from part I of Brad's GP workshop here
[NARG_GP_stacks_code](NARG_GP_stacks_code)

### Meeting minutes for May 13 2010 {#meeting_minutes_for_may_13_2010}

In attendance were Brad, Darius, Alan, Daniel, Todd, Mike D, and Tom C.

Todd gave a talk about using genetic algorithms (based on a paper by
Karl Sims) to create aesthetically pleasing 2D graphical images and
textures. He deployed Pyevolve and the Python Imaging Library. The
slides are available here:
<http://prezi.com/enn87uvfm-jc/artificial-evolution-for-computer-graphics/>

### Meeting minutes for May 6 2010 {#meeting_minutes_for_may_6_2010}

In attendance were Brad, Nikolas, Daniel, Alan, Todd, Phil S, Mike D,
and Bjorn

Brad gave a talk on Genetic Algorithms and showed off a LUA
implementation. Slides will be posted.

### Meeting minutes for Apr 29 2010 {#meeting_minutes_for_apr_29_2010}

In a brutal battle between gorgeous weather and HacDC NARG on Thursday,
NARG suffered a humiliating defeat when gorgeous weather was presumably
the cause of the lowest NARG attendance ever witnessed. Reportedly,
Daniel Packer arrived on the scene at 7pm to find an empty house and by
7:30 had eaten all dozen mini muffins that he'd intended to pawn off on
NARG attendees. "We'll get you next time, gorgeous weather," Daniel was
quoted as muttering as he wandered off into the sunshine, full of mini
muffin.

### Meeting minutes for Apr 22 2010 {#meeting_minutes_for_apr_22_2010}

In attendace were Daniel, Brad, Alan, Dirk (new to NARG), Melissa (new
to NARG), Phil S., Tino, Mike D.

Brad presented more on Particle Swarm Optimization and started on Neural
Nets (Perceptrons).

### Meeting minutes for Apr 15 2010 {#meeting_minutes_for_apr_15_2010}

In attendance were Daniel, Mike, and Todd F

We discussed a web spidering project and started looking into a python
project using mechanize, beautiful soup, and NLTK. Todd suggested
looking at presidents and we turned to Wikipedia for a source of
content.

Daniel and Mike hacked on spidering while Todd did NLKT research and set
up a git repos (that we are still figuring out). This code downloads
president wikipedia entries, pickles and saves them, cleans and saves
them. Next step is to tokenize and process in NLTK. Will be put into a
git repos (when Todd gets time). When you run it the first time it will
download and serialize the data from wikipedia. (Please check wikipedia
terms and conditions, license, EULA, etc before running)

-   ![](narg_pypres.tgz "narg_pypres.tgz")

### Meeting minutes for Apr 8 2010 {#meeting_minutes_for_apr_8_2010}

Brad did a great presentation on Swarms and optimization problems,
non-euclidean spaces...

### Meeting minutes for Apr 1 2010 {#meeting_minutes_for_apr_1_2010}

In attendance were Daniel, Darius, Todd, and Brad,

We attempted to get Darius's Rovio robot going, but had networking
issues. Todd did an overview on K means clustering algorithm and
clustering in general using the Collective Intelligence book (listed in
resources) as a reference. Brad gave some insights into generalization
of the Euclidean distance calculations from a math perspective - there
are different distance equations for clustering and he mentioned at NASA
manhattan distance was very useful for artificial vision. We
brainstormed on ways to use clustering for social networks and other web
databases. We also discussed potential hadoop/map reduce projects using
pycloud or other cloud processing services. The meeting closed with
burritos, fried tacos, and a bit of late night hacking.

### Meeting minutes for Mar 18 2010 {#meeting_minutes_for_mar_18_2010}

In attendance were Daniel, Brad, Mike, and New-Mike.

We had a general discussion about many things.

### Meeting minutes for Mar 11 2010 {#meeting_minutes_for_mar_11_2010}

In attendance were Darius, Daniel, Brad, Phil Stewart, Mike, and A.J.

Brad presented on Subsumption architectures. He will attach slides for
this and the previous presentation. We watched a Breve demo of Brad's
subsumption implementation (a very abstracted version equivalent to
nested ifs), and he did some live coding which was fun.

Brad suggested a long term contest idea analogous to Hackerspaces in
Space, maybe using pygame. We discussed various ideas that would make
fun competitions.

### Meeting minutes for Mar 4 2010 {#meeting_minutes_for_mar_4_2010}

Second hand minutes about meeting from Daniel (did not attend due to
sched. conflict):

-   NLTK intro from Todd Fine (first few chapters of NLTK book - see
    resources section for link)
-   Discussion of approaches to AI vs NLP in group (AI more game/sim
    oriented NLP more machine learning oriented i.e. bayesian)

### Meeting minutes for Feb 25 2010 {#meeting_minutes_for_feb_25_2010}

In attendance were Nikolas, Todd, Phil, Michael, Daniel, Brad, and
Darius.

-   We agreed to alternate AI and NLP topics every other week to give
    people more time to digest material and lighten the burden of
    presenters/teachers
-   Daniel will present on NLP/NLTK next meeting

Brad did a great demo of several Breve simulations including the capture
the flag simulation he ported to python from a class he'd taken. We
looked at simulations of Braitenberg machines moving towards or away
from stimulation sources. We analyzed the two existing CTF bots and
looked at the code that defines them, and asked Brad a lot of questions
about what the bots could do in code (there are a lot of specifics!)
We're supposed to install Breve for the next AI focus meeting and start
poking at the code.

During Brad's presentation at the point where he briefly covered AI
history, there was a fascinating conversation between Brad, Nikolas and
Todd about ways to define and contrast machine learning and AI. In the
end it seemed the consensus was that machine learning is a rigorous
academic field with a focus on mathematics and numerical analysis,
whereas AI is more general, and has a more philosophical bent. Brad said
that in his school days, the machine learning profs would make a point
to say they weren't in "AI". Nikolas posited that it might be due to the
stigma AI received from it's failures to achieve the rapid results it
promised early on, and that seemed logical.

The code for CTF has been put up on a
[github](http://github.com/jdar/ctf)

### Meeting minutes for Feb 20 2010 {#meeting_minutes_for_feb_20_2010}

The first NARG meeting was held on Feb 20, 2010 at Sticky Fingers
Bakery. In attendance were Brad, Darius, Phil (not Stewart - a HacDC
newcomer), and Daniel. The conversation was relatively free form but a
few suggestions were favored:

-   Meetings will be ongoing at HacDC on Thursday evenings at 7pm,
    realizing that due to the high frequency of meetings, some folks
    will miss some meetings.
-   Brad put together a demo/tutorial using the spiderland.org breve
    environment on Brattenberg Vehicles as an entry point into AI
    learning. We will collectively try to use this environment (virtual
    3d world with actuators and sensors for 3d movement and input) and
    graduate to Subsumption Architectures and neural nets. We'll use
    python since most people are willing to use it and have at least
    played with it, though Brad personally prefers Steve (spelling?? -
    some unholy combo of smalltalk and javascript?) (correct this info)
    -   <http://spiderland.org>
    -   <http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Braitenberg_vehicles>
    -   <http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Subsumption_architecture>
-   Daniel put together a demo/tutorial based on NLTK and the book
    "Natural Language Processing with Python", which he has a copy of
    for reference.
-   We will eventually choose a robotics platform for physical AI,
    either a repurposed roomba type solution (favored by Phil) or an
    open avr/arduino/ucontroller based bot like:
    <http://www.adafruit.com/blog/2009/04/20/arduino-powered-braitenberg-vehicle-light-seeking-robot/>

Other topics:

-   Brad, Todd, Darius and Daniel have downloaded the google AI tron
    code - Brad and Todd have working custom code and we will keep an
    eye out for good show and tell opportunities. Brad's solution is a
    neural net based one.
-   Daniel brought up the idea of machine readable codification of human
    ideas/statements and the political ramifications after Phil
    mentioned .gov open data and how it's not well formatted for real
    time use. Brad mentioned the language
    <http://www.lojban.org/tiki/Lojban> - which attempts to remove
    ambiguity.
-   Daniel is interested in using AI for bio signals interpretation and
    NLP for emotionally contextual interfaces/digital ghosts. Darius is
    interested in using NLP for matching content with expertise, like
    <http://vark.com> which got acquired by google a week or so ago.
    Brad is interested in AI as a practitioner (it's his job) and wants
    to do some virtual 3d simulations. Phil is open to pretty much
    anything (he's too young to know better).
-   Brad suggested there were ways to bridge AI and NLP. The idea of
    bridging NLP and AI via the use of agent based AI that use NLP based
    communication models in evolutionary scenarios was brought up by
    Daniel and it generally convinced everyone there were some exciting
    potential bridges between the two disciplines.

[Category:Previous_Projects](Category:Previous_Projects)
