Hey all, here's a staging ground to organize our cleanup of the wiki.

We can put agreed-on rules, tips, links, etc here. For discussing plans
and proposing rules, sign up to the [mailing
list](https://groups.google.com/a/hacdc.org/group/wiki/topics)!

## Goal

We have lots of outdated articles and information on the wiki. That's
confusing to newcomers. We should update it or get rid of it.

## Guidelines

### Old Articles We Need to Update

Instructions pending.

### Old Articles We Need to Delete

Instructions pending.

### Spam

You don't need to hesitate much about deleting spam when you come upon
it. That's a wiki's self-cleaning mechanism. In fact, people manually
deleting spam is the only reason Wikipedia isn't overrun by it!

If you come upon an article created by a spammer, ask an administrator
to delete it (I'm not quite sure about the deletion rules on HacDC's
wiki).

If you find spam inserted into an actual HacDC article, just undo the
spammy edit. Go into the article's history by clicking the "history"
tab, and click the "undo" link at the end of the edit description.

## Useful Links

[Special:AllPages](Special:AllPages) - Here you can browse
all the articles that currently exist [What is dislocation of the
shoulder? What causes a shoulder
dislocation?](What_is_dislocation_of_the_shoulder?_What_causes_a_shoulder_dislocation?) -
Here's a good example of some spam! You should remove this when you see
it! But not this one cause it's a good example!
[Special:WhatLinksHere/HacDC Wiki:Cleanup
2012](Special:WhatLinksHere/HacDC_Wiki:Cleanup_2012) -
Example of a "What links here" link. There's a link in the toolbox (left
navigation bar, third box down) on every page that shows you what other
pages link to it. Useful if you, say, move (rename) an article, which
could break links or cause double redirects.
