```{=mediawiki}
{{Floating TOC}}
```
## Time & Location

:   March 10, 2009
:   7:30 p.m. to 8:30 p.m.
:   HacDC, 1525 Newton St NW, Washington, DC

## Draft minutes of the last meeting

See [Regular Member Meeting Minutes 2009 03
03](Regular_Member_Meeting_Minutes_2009_03_03).

## The Consent Agenda

### Items from the Annual Meeting

-   Approve Robert's Rules of Order Newly Revised as our official
    meeting protocol.
    -   Wouldn't this require an amendment to the
        [bylaws](bylaws), which say "All meetings shall
        follow the [MIBS Simplified Rules of Coordinated Consensus
        through
        Chaos](MIBS_Simplified_Rules_of_Coordinated_Consensus_through_Chaos)
        as approved at an annual meeting." (Article III, Section 7)?
        -[Katie](User:Katie) 16:51, 9 March 2009 (UTC)
    -   Agreed. This cannot be changed. [Serge](User:Emacen)
    -   The Bylaws say we have to follow something called [MIBS
        Simplified Rules of Coordinated Consensus through
        Chaos](MIBS_Simplified_Rules_of_Coordinated_Consensus_through_Chaos)
        (Also known as the standing rules) that's approved at an annual
        meeting. I'm proposing to replace the current text the MIBS
        document with the text "All meetings shall follow the
        parliamentary rules of Robert's Rules of Order Newly Revised."
        This should have been done at the annual meeting, but because of
        a motion to postpone votes not taken at the annual meeting, we
        can vote on it during a regular member meeting.
        [Ben](User:Ben)
-   Vote on Bylaws Change to Change the Regular Meeting Frequency to the
    second Tuesday of each month.
    -   I believe this is also codified in the bylaws and thus cannot be
        changed. (Article III, Section 1) -
        [Serge](User:Emacsen)
    -   This is why the vote is on a Bylaws change. It would work the
        same way the quorum bylaws change did. It won't take effect
        until 3/4 of the membership has signed on.
        [Ben](User:Ben)

## Minister Reports

-   [Coordinator-in-Chief](Coordinator-in-Chief)
-   [Minister of Finance](Minister_of_Finance)
-   [Minister of Information](Minister_of_Information)
-   [Keeper of The MIBS](Keeper_of_The_MIBS)
    -   After the meeting will be working on the Drupal site testbed, if
        anyone's interested

## Member Reports

-   PR Coordinator Status
    -   NoVALUG meeting
    -   Plan for future

## Old Business

-   Basement space update
-   Door entry project status

## New Business

Vote in new At-Large Board Member

Board Indemnity Insurance

Budget and Plan for HacDC Hosting

HacDC Door

Call List?

Approval of any pending new member(s).

Artomatic

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
