```{=mediawiki}
{{Floating TOC}}
```
## Time & Location {#time_location}

:   February 3, 2009
:   7:30 p.m. to 8:30 p.m.
:   HacDC, 1525 Newton St NW, Washington, DC. (Space or Auditorium, TBD)

## Draft minutes of the last meeting {#draft_minutes_of_the_last_meeting}

(There weren't any minutes at the past several meetings.)

## The Consent Agenda {#the_consent_agenda}

## Minister Reports {#minister_reports}

-   [Coordinator-in-Chief](Coordinator-in-Chief)
-   [Minister of Finance](Minister_of_Finance)
-   [Minister of Information](Minister_of_Information)
-   [Keeper of The MIBS](Keeper_of_The_MIBS)

## Member Reports {#member_reports}

## Old Business {#old_business}

### [Workshop Configuration](Workshop_Configuration) {#workshop_configuration}

### [Main Space Reconfiguration](Main_Space_Reconfiguration) {#main_space_reconfiguration}

## New Business {#new_business}

### ShmooCon events {#shmoocon_events}

We will be hosting the Friday Night [Shmoocon
Party](Shmoocon_Party) for [ShmooCon](http://shmoocon.org) in
conjunction with [ToorCon](http://toorcon.org) on Feb. 6

-   We have reserved the Auditorium and the Dining room.
-   A planning list has been started, e-mail info@hacdc.org if you want
    on.

### Chair Purchase {#chair_purchase}

We seem to not have enough chairs. With the addition of the workshop, we
may need to buy some. Are people happy with the current chairs? Should
we buy more of the same or something new?

### Internet Down? {#internet_down}

=

The Internet in the space appears to have been down for about a week.
Can we fix that?

### Heat and AC {#heat_and_ac}

Spring is approaching, but we still have cold days. Can we get the heat
working? By the same token, when Spring does arrive we have a broken AC
unit. Is that the Church's or ours? Can we get a new one?

### AV

The issue of AV came up at the RepRap event and at the Clojure Study
Group. Can we have some AV cables and connectors that are known to be
good, as well as speakers, in the space, ready to be used for a
presentation? This may include us buying a few small items.

### Movie Night {#movie_night}

Have people enjoyed Movie Night? Do we want to continue the effort? Do
we want to pay for the sanctuary or use the space? Do we want to look
into MPAA licenses?

### Admit New Members {#admit_new_members}

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
