```{=mediawiki}
{{Floating TOC}}
```
## Time & Location

:   December 16, 2008
:   7:30 p.m. to 8:30 p.m.
:   HacDC, 1525 Newton St NW, Washington, DC. (Space or Auditorium, TBD)

## Draft minutes of the last meeting

Tentatively approve [ Draft Minutes of the Dec 9
Meeting](Regular_Member_Meeting_Minutes_2008_12_09)

## The Consent Agenda

## Minister Reports

-   [Coordinator-in-Chief](Coordinator-in-Chief)
-   [Minister of Finance](Minister_of_Finance)
-   [Minister of Information](Minister_of_Information)
-   [Keeper of The MIBS](Keeper_of_The_MIBS)

## Member Reports

(One minute per member who wishes to give a quick report)

## Old Business

### [Workshop Configuration](Workshop_Configuration)

Nick, Nate and others will present a status update on the work they've
been doing to renovate the basement workshop space.

*We also need your help! This weekend, Richard will be leading an effort
to continue the renovation of the space downstairs*

### [Main Space Reconfiguration](Main_Space_Reconfiguration)

Motion to shelve this topic until the Workshop Space is active.

## New Business

### Public Events on Hiatus

There are no public events scheduled between Friday the 19th and January
2. We will resume the [TSS](Tuesday_Seminar_Series) on
January 6.

**Motion also to not meet on December 23nd or 30th, resuming member
meetings on January 6.**

### The Hackerspaces Book

[HacDC's Contributions to The Hackerspaces
Book](HacDC's_Contributions_to_The_Hackerspaces_Book) is a
new Wiki article to collect the [things Bre Pettis wanted to do for the
hackerspaces.org
book](http://brepettis.com/blog/2008/12/16/cooking-up-a-book-hackerspaces-the-beginning/).
Whatever is there on the 18th, we will submit (even if that means
nothing is there.)

### [Video Camera](Video_Camera)

We got a video camera donated! From Andy Michaels (See [this Twitter
post](http://twitter.com/malfunction54/status/1060945357) for details)

-   The plan is to use this video camera for initial experimentation
    while we work on figuring out which real camera to obtain
-   Anyone have a spare MiniDV deck to donate?

### [Shmoocon Party](Shmoocon_Party) Planning

We will be hosting the Friday Night Party for
[ShmooCon](http://shmoocon.org) in conjunction with
[ToorCon](http://toorcon.org) on Feb. 6

-   We have reserved the Auditorium and the Dining room.
-   A planning list has been started, e-mail info@hacdc.org if you want
    on.

### [RepRap Build-a-Thon](RepRap_Build-a-Thon)

A big [RepRap Build-A-Thon
Event](http://hacdc.org/2008/12/11/reprap-build-a-thon/) has been
planned for January 23-24.

-   Zach Hoeken of NYCResistor will be coming down
-   Make:DC is involved, possibly co-hosting
-   We are reaching out to Make:Philly and other area groups
-   Mark Adams is heading up the project
-   A planning list has been started, e-mail info@hacdc.org if you want
    on.

### Notacon Planning

[hackerspaces:Notacon](hackerspaces:Notacon)

-   We will show up, we will bring soldering irons, we will network with
    other hacker spaces, and we WILL win ABE. (Even though Nate is, as
    the project coordinator, technically disqualified from helping us
    build our craft the GREATEST entry in the history of ABE.)

### [Rooftop Garden](Rooftop_Garden)?

-   "I also think it would be interesting to talk to the church about
    using the roof as a community garden, and having a vermiculture
    fertilizer source on site would be terrific."
    -   I've discussed this with the church in the past. Apparently, the
        roof is not structurally sound enough to support a garden, but I
        believe we can gain support for building the requisite supports.
        It's a project worth keeping on the back
        burner.--[63.250.141.186](Special:Contributions/63.250.141.186)
        20:51, 16 December 2008 (UTC)

### Admit New Members

-   No new signups reported

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
