**This page is a draft of the HacDC simulation plan, and it is open for
editing by all.** [Tfine](User:Tfine) 16:56, 10 February 2011
(UTC)

## Overview

As internet becomes ubiquitous in commerce and social communications,
governments permitting varying levels of political freedom have
facilitated, or at least tolerated, growing consumer access to TCP/IP
internet, an amazingly flexible technology with significant barriers for
comprehensive monitoring and control. While almost all governments have
some existing level of content regulation and filtering, recently a
number of governments have attempted, during political crisis when the
amount of objectionable material could overwhelm monitoring or when the
total balance of all communications in a particular location or at a
certain moment could be seen as negative in facilitating anti-regime
political activity, to impose severe, general restrictions on an
existing internet and mobile communication infrastructure. In Egypt, in
January 2011, the government successfully shut down internet access for
several days by forcing ISPs to withdraw more than 3500 Border Gateway
Protocol (BGP) routes. In June 2009, internet access in Iran was
significant disrupted, and major restrictions were placed on a variety
of forms of telephone communications. The entire communications
infrastructure of Tibet was shut down for a few days in February of
2005.

These developments, illustrating the prospect of future government
communications restrictions in crisis, raise two significant
interconnected questions.

First, do contemporary governments have the practical ability to
restrict communications in crisis and prevent effective political
organization through electronic methods? With the substantial menu of
technical communications systems -- radio; packet internet; mobile and
landline phones; cable and satellite internet; alternative mesh
networking systems; and the vast array of archaic code and
cell-structure communications systems -- it might be surprisingly
difficult for a government, without extremely high levels of coercion,
to control communications at all. In light of recent experience, we now
have growing empirical evidence of the technical solutions that
anti-government organizers have adopted in crisis, and, with greater
technical focus, communications and security experts might be able to
determine (and anticipate) effective communications strategies in such a
restricted environment.

Second, can restrictive regulation of the internet ever outweigh the
political -- and economic -- costs that would accompany? Different
levels and types of restriction of communications certainly impose
different costs. These costs can become significant in terms of building
anger at the government with lesser politicized cohorts and in affecting
the military's perceptions of the legitimacy of the government and their
survivability. Effective communications may also alter the military's
evaluation, at both the enlisted and officer level, of the specific
political claims of the regime. If restrictive solutions (long-term and
short-term) seem to fail empirically and in simulation, governments may
decide that they are better off monitoring internet communications in
crisis. At a result of the interrelationship between the technical and
political factors, we cannot evaluate them in isolation.

## Outline

We propose the creation of a strategic simulation of a scenario
involving attempts by anti-government elements to establish
communications in the wake of communications disruptions instigated by a
government. Prompted by a crisis event, a government would restrict
communications on either a local or national level, and anti-government
elements (assuming the existence of a wide array of motivated civilian
actors) would attempt to reestablish communications and attack the
government's legitimacy or communicate some political message.

The scenario could potentially begin with some significant disruption of
residential/business internet and/or a restriction of phone
communications. As attempts to reestablish communications -- both public
propaganda and leadership communication -- by anti-government actors
continue, there would be a feedback "game" relationship between the
government restrictions and anti-government attempts to seek alternative
communication strategies.

## Setup

-   An appropriate scenario would be written by event organizers. The
    details and the necessary degree of specification required would be
    discussed at a series of planning meetings in the coming weeks.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Two physically separated teams, representing a government (as a
    unitary executive) and a broad mass of anti-government elements,
    would be staffed by appropriate technical experts. If outside
    interest is substantial, it might be possible for non-team members
    to contribute ideas through segregated chatrooms that the
    decision-making team members could observe.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Evaluators would be 5-7 experts in cellular/telephone
    communications, radio communications, encryption and internet
    security, civil-military relations, and civil unrest/revolution.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Timed turns conclude with a written paragraph of "instructions"
    followed by an evaluator review that establishes a current score
    along with a written description of scenario development. At the
    beginning of each round, teams can discuss the scenario with the
    evaluators.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   The game score is determined by some formula that combines the
    political and technical developments. A starting, basic model, which
    will be elaborated in planning discussions, would be a composite of
    the score of degree of effective communications by anti-government
    actors and an assessed level of government coercion.

Communication + Coercion = Anti-Government Success

If communications remain high despite a fairly high level of attempted
coercion, anti-government political organization succeeds. It might also
be assumed that both high levels of anti-civilian coercion and effective
communication, independently, weaken the political executive's ability
to control the military. Hence, extremely high levels of (attempted)
coercion alone (in some political environments) might be enough to
trigger a military coup.

## Questions

-   Should we assume the United States? An advanced European country? A
    lesser-developed country analogous to Egypt? A specific scenario
    with a political backstory? We have developed
    [one](Network_Strategic_Simulation/Proposed_Scenarion)
    that involves riots after a sudden financial crisis, but we should
    discuss this further. Does specificity of the scenario distract from
    the technological questions (and open the game to political
    nitpicking), or would it give the simulation more coherence and
    weight?

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   What experts would be most appropriate to staff such a simulation?

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Does this simulation encourage the development of novel alternative
    networking technologies? Should this be a goal of a successful
    simulation? Is it reasonable to assume this would be the result of
    such a scenario? How would the imaginary timeframe of the game
    impact this?

[Category:Byzantium](Category:Byzantium)
