### Project Summary {#project_summary}

Project Code
:   LASER

Project Contact
:   Tim Slagle (tim at slagle dot org)

Project Status
:   Not yet proposed

Project Description
:   The goal of this project is to buy and set up a laser cutter in the
    HacDC space. Funds from Project Awesome will add to exiting
    earmarked money and additional donations for the initial purchase of
    the machine, and will support its ongoing maintenance and repair.

Links To Other Project Pages
:   <http://wiki.hacdc.org/index.php/LaserCutterLinks>

License or IP status
:   The laser cutter will be a machine in the space, available for use
    to everyone with the proper training. Objects will be created on it
    from design files that can have their own license terms.

### Additional Info {#additional_info}

We currently have \$1500 earmarked for the laser cutter: \$1000 from the
church for Martin's intercom wiring, and \$500 from a joint WPA/HacDC
workshop on computing with Arduino and Processing. From \$3000-\$3400
will be needed to buy the entry-level laser and pay for accessories, so
some additional fundraising will probably be needed to make the initial
purchase. I think we can raise \~\$1500 from additional member donations
and \$400 from Project Awesome over the coming months so it seems very
doable.

Here is a
[LINK](http://fslaser.com/products/lasers/hobby-lasers/40w-deluxe-hobby-laser-engraver-and-cutter)
to the laser cutter I have been looking at from Full Spectrum Lasers. It
has a 40W tube and a 9.5"x14.5" laserable work area. It is driven from a
custom driver under MS Windows, which claims to support any software
that can output to a printer.

If more than \$3000 can be raised we may be able to get a more capable
laser, such as [this
one](http://fslaser.com/products/lasers/hobby-lasers/newhobby), which
has a larger 20"x12" cutting area. It sells for \$1000 more than the
entry model.

Other laser models and companies will be considered as funding permits.
However I would like to buy something that will not require a lot of
work to set up or rebuild, and I am not interested in making a laser
cutter from scratch or plans - I want something that can be used for
other projects ASAP and is not a project in itself!

Cutters at this level usually require some alignment and setup after
they are shipped. I have a bunch of experience with optics and lasers
(but not with CO2 lasers) so I would volunteer to get it up and running
once we receive it. I would also set up a MS Windows PC and have already
purchased a copy of Corel Draw X5 to use for printing and converting
artwork (other Windows software such as Inkscape will be installed as
well.)

In addition to the machine itself (entry model is \$2350+\$160
s/h/insurance), I would get an air compressor (\$150), a water bath for
cooling (5 gallon bucket - water pump is included), beam combiner
alignment laser (\$300), 2 year extended warranty (\$300), and two
safety goggles (\$100 total). Some additional hoses and hardware will
probably be need to vent the cutting chamber outside. So I would spend a
total of \$3360 if we can raise the money.

The larger area model costs \$3500 but includes the beam combiner. Total
cost is \$3500+\$125(s/h)+\$35(insurance)+\$150(air
compressor)+\$250(exhaust fan)+\$300(2 year warranty)= \$4360. Safety
goggles and misc vent hardware might add \$140. I would also like to get
an external water chiller so we don't have a bucket under the table - it
is \$350 so call it \$4850 total.

A 60W laser with 20x12 inch cutting area starts at \$5500 from
[Hurricane Lasers](http://hurricanelasers.com/floyd) or [FS
Laser](http://fslaser.com/products/lasers/pro-series/20x12-laser-engraver)
but shipping is about \$400 and a better water chiller is required
(maybe \$600). So I'd expect the total price to be more like \$7000.

[Category:Project_Awesome](Category:Project_Awesome)
