Project Summary

Project Code: Spaceblimp Project Contact: Ethan Waldo Project Status:
Proposed

Project Description: Fund Spaceblimp!

Links To Other Project Pages: [Spaceblimp](Spaceblimp)
License or IP status: Project developments are not expected to be
affected by upstream licensing

Additional Info: This is a general fund for any and all Spaceblimp
related costs not limited to hardware, balloon filling equipment and
supplies, and food and drinks for reasonably sized launch events with
only remaining funds. This will not be used to reimburse anyone for
equipment use, travel costs (i.e. gas/mileage), or time and expertise
since that should be covered by volunteers. The plan is to launch
several Spaceblimps with the current Spaceblimp project's Project
Awesome funds overseen by the [Spaceblimp 6 Funding
team](HacDC_Spaceblimp_6/Projects/Funding) making requests
overseen by the HacDC Treasurer.

The project owner (Ethan Waldo) desires to run this project as a
representative democracy, allowing all members a reasonable opportunity
to push proposals and vote, but with oversight by the Board of Directors
who will be responsible for any conflicts that cannot be resolved
autonomously.

Examples of equipment or services that may be needed or desired at one
time or another: Balloon Helium Payload enclosure (i.e. lunchbox)
Discrete PCB components (i.e. resistors, capacitors, relays, ICs, etc.)
On balloon radio systems Sensors Microcontrollers Batteries Cameras FPGA
kits

References: Plenty found on general project page
[Spaceblimp](Spaceblimp) and active project pages
