## Summary

This policy as written here:
<http://wiki.hacdc.org/index.php?title=Privacy_Policy&oldid=9447>, was
approved during the [Regular Member Meeting 2013 06
11](Regular_Member_Meeting_2013_06_11).

Note: This Privacy Policy was based heavily on the [Wikimedia Foundation
Privacy Policy](http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Privacy_policy)

If you only read the HacDC webpages (anything ending in hacdc.org), no
more information is collected than is typically collected in server logs
by web sites in general.

If you contribute to the HacDC Wiki or Blog, you are **publishing**
every word you post publicly. If you write something, assume that it
will be retained forever. This includes articles, blog posts, user pages
and talk pages. Some limited exceptions are described below.

## Photography

No person shall be photographed at HacDC or at a HacDC event without
their permission. Photographers shall explicitly state they intend to
photograph before taking any pictures and gain the permission of those
being photographed.

## Publishing on the wiki and public data

Simply visiting the web site does not expose your identity publicly (but
see [private logging](#Private_logging) below).

When you edit any page in the wiki, **you are publishing a document**.
This is a public act, and you are identified publicly with that edit as
its author.

### Identification of an author

When you publish a page in the wiki, you may be logged in or not.

If you are logged in, you will be identified by your user name. This may
be your real name if you so choose, or you may choose to publish under a
pseudonym, whatever user name you selected when you created your
account.

If you have not logged in, you will be identified by your network IP
address. This is a series of four numbers which identifies the Internet
address from which you are contacting the wiki. Depending on your
connection, this number may be traceable only to a large Internet
service provider, or specifically to your school, place of business, or
home. It may be possible that the origin of this IP address could be
used in conjunction with any interests you express implicitly or
explicitly by editing articles to identify you even by private
individuals.

It may be either difficult or easy for a motivated individual to connect
your network IP address with your real-life identity. Therefore if you
are very concerned about privacy, you may wish to log in and publish
under a pseudonym.

When using a pseudonym, your IP address will not be available to the
public except in cases of abuse, including vandalism of a wiki page by
you or by another user with the same IP address. In all cases, your IP
address will be stored on HacDC servers and can be seen by HacDC's
server administrators. Your IP address, and its connection to any
usernames that share it may be released under certain circumstances (see
below).

If you use a company mail server from home or telecommute and use a DSL
or cable Internet connection, it is likely to be very easy for your
employer to identify your IP address and find all of your IP based HacDC
project contributions. Using a user name is a better way of preserving
your privacy in this situation. However, remember to log out or
disconnect yourself after each session using a pseudonym on a shared
computer, to avoid allowing others to use your identity.

### Cookies

The wiki will set a temporary session cookie (PHPSESSID) whenever you
visit the site. If you do not intend to ever log in, you may deny this
cookie, but you cannot log in without it. It will be deleted when you
close your browser session.

More cookies may be set when you log in, to avoid typing in your user
name (or optionally password) on your next visit. These last up to 30
days. You may clear these cookies after use if you are using a public
machine and don't wish to expose your username to future users of the
machine. (If so, clear the browser cache as well.)

### Passwords

User passwords are the only assurance of the integrity of a user's edit
history. All users are encouraged to select strong passwords, never
share them and to change them frequently. No one shall knowingly expose
the password of another user to public release either directly or
indirectly.

## Private logging

Every time you visit a web page, you send a lot of information to the
web server. Most web servers routinely maintain access logs with a
portion of this information, which can be used to get an overall picture
of what pages are popular, what other sites link to this one, and what
web browsers people are using. It is not the intention of HacDC to use
this information to keep track of legitimate users.

These logs are used to produce site statistics; the raw log data is not
made public, and is normally discarded after about two months.

Log data may be examined by developers in the course of solving
technical problems and in tracking down badly-behaved web spiders that
overwhelm the site. IP addresses of users, derived either from those
logs or from records in the database are frequently used to correlate
usernames and network addresses of edits in investigating abuse of the
wiki, including the suspected use of malicious "sockpuppets" (duplicate
accounts), vandalism, harassment of other users, or disruption of the
wiki.

### Policy on release of data derived from page logs

HacDC will generally only release log data:

1.  In response to a valid subpoena or other compulsory request from law
    enforcement
2.  With permission of the affected user
3.  Where the information pertains to page views generated by a spider
    or bot and its dissemination is necessary to illustrate or resolve
    technical issues.
4.  Where the user has been vandalising articles or persistently
    behaving in a disruptive way, data may be released to assist in the
    targeting of IP blocks, or to assist in the formulation of a
    complaint to relevant Internet Service Providers
5.  Where it is reasonably necessary to protect the rights, property or
    safety of HacDC, its users, members or the public.

HacDC policy should not permit public distribution of such information
under any circumstances, except as described above.

## Sharing information with third parties

See our [Licensing Policy](Licensing_Policy) for how created
content is handled by HacDC.

HacDC will not sell or share private information, such as email
addresses, with third parties, unless you agree to release this
information, or it is required by law to release the information.

## Security of information

HacDC makes no guarantee against unauthorized access to any information
you provide. This information may be available to anyone with access to
the servers.

## E-mail, mailing lists and IRC

### E-mail

You may provide your e-mail address in your Preferences and enable other
logged-in users to send email to you through the wiki. Your address will
not be revealed to them unless you respond, or possibly if the email
bounces. The email address may be used by HacDC to communicate with
users on a wider scale.

If you do not provide an email address, you will not be able to reset
your password if you forget it. However, you may contact one of the
Wikimedia server administrators to enter a new mail address in your
preferences.

You can remove your email address from your preferences at any time to
prevent it being used.

### Mailing lists

If you subscribe to one of HacDC's mailing lists, your address may be
exposed to any other subscriber. The list archives of most of HacDC's
lists are public, and your address may find itself quoted in messages.
The list archives are also archived by Gmane and other services. Mails
are usually not deleted or modified, but it may be done in extreme
cases.

### Information email addresses

Mail sent to HacDC is not publicly visible, but may be visible to a
group of HacDC members. By sending a mail to a \@hacdc.org address, your
address may become public within the relevant group.

### IRC

We [ have an IRC
channel](:Category:Communications_Policy#IRC). By
participating in this or any IRC channel, your IP address may be exposed
to other participants.

HacDC reserves the right to keep logs of conversations within any IRC
channels it designates. Different channels have different policies on
whether logs may be published.

## User data

Data on users, such as the times at which they edited and the number of
edits they have made are publicly available via "user contributions"
lists, and in aggregated forms published by other users.

### Removal of user accounts

Once created, user accounts will not be removed. It may be possible for
a username to be changed (depending on the policies of your local wiki).
HacDC does not guarantee that a name will be changed on request.

Whether specific user information is deleted is dependant on the
deletion policies of the project that contains the information.

## Deletion of content

Removing text from HacDC's wiki or blog does not permanently delete it.
In normal articles, anyone can look at a previous version and see what
was there. If an article is "deleted", any user with "administrator"
access on the wiki, meaning almost anyone trusted not to abuse the
deletion capability, can see what was deleted. Information can be
permanently deleted by those people with access to the servers, but
there is no guarantee this will happen except in response to legal
action.

[Category:HacDC_Docs](Category:HacDC_Docs)
[Category:HacDC_Systems](Category:HacDC_Systems)
[Category:Proposal](Category:Proposal)
