The following policy was approved during the
[Regular_Member_Meeting_2009_06_09](Regular_Member_Meeting_2009_06_09)

(Originally posted by Dan Barlow)

WHEREAS: Items donated to HacDC might be valuable, or on loan as opposed
to disposable; WHEREAS: Items donated to HacDC might be intended for use
as tools, as material, or as a display item for the museum; WHEREAS:
Items donated to HacDC might require instruction for safe and effective
use;

THEREFORE This proposal presents a suggested policy for identifying the
acceptable use of HacDC property.

I. ITEMS FREELY AVAILABLE AS MATERIAL These items are donated with no
restrictions and can be used, scavenged, or discarded by HacDC as
desired. Unless otherwise indicated by the donor, items default to
Material. Items can be promoted to higher status by HacDC ministers.
Material items should be stored in clearly marked containers on the wood
shelves in the basement. When a surplus of a particular type of item
exists, the extra amount should be moved to the discard pile. Discard
policy (placing items to be discarded in the "outgoing" pile for at
least a week) should be followed. It would be nice if discard placements
were blabbered. Examples are the boxes of motors.

II\. ITEMS FREELY AVAILABLE AS TOOLS These items are donated with the
intent that they be used in their current or repaired state. The donor
should indicate that the donation is a Tool, and give contact
information if they would want it back if discarded. Tool items should
not be scavenged. If a tool item is to be discarded, some attempt should
be made to contact its donor and see if they want it back. Then it
should be demoted to Material, unless a surplus of that type already
exists. Tools may be stored throughout HacDC space. Examples are the
soldering irons and multimeters.

III\. ITEMS DONATED TO THE HACDC STORE These items are donated to be
sold with the proceeds benefitting HacDC. The donor should attempt to
indicate value. HacDC Members and guests are encouraged to buy these
items. The HacDC Store storage location should be kept organized, with
care not to mix in member storage. The Store should be brought along
when HacDC is represented at other events, where practical. Prices may
be increased for outside sales.

IV\. ITEMS ON LOAN TO HACDC These items are made available with the
intent of use by HacDC, with the care and caution you would use with
your own expensive tools. Items on loan should not be removed from HacDC
space without prior permission from the owner. Items on loan should be
documented in the WIKI. If an item on loan is "in the way" and should be
removed, its owner should be contacted. If the owner cannot be reached
in a reasonable amount of time (say a month), the item should be stored.
After (say 6 months of trying to contact) if storage space is at a
premium the item could be discarded. An example is the large format
plotter in the basement; anyone may use it, but it should not be
scavenged or abused.

V. ITEMS OF HISTORIC OR DISPLAY INTEREST These items may be donated with
intent to go in the museum, or may be recognized from among general
donations as being of special value. These items should go in the HacDC
Museum. Items from the museum should be prepared as exhibits as time
permits, and used as props when HacDC runs info tables at other events.
Museum Items should be documented in the WIKI. If an item previously
designated as a Museum Item is to be discarded, it should be demoted
through Material and mentioned on the Blabber list. An example would be
the I.C. manufacturing mask that I brought in.

VI\. ITEMS THAT REQUIRE TRAINING OR PERMISSION These items are one or
more of \[dangerous, fragile, expensive\]. Items should not be disturbed
until the user has contacted the owner and received the necessary
instructions. Items should be clearly marked as RESERVED Items with
contact info for the owner. RESERVED Items should be documented in the
WIKI. Examples would be the drill press and bandsaw that Ash brought in.

[Category:HacDC Docs](Category:HacDC_Docs)
[Category:Materiel](Category:Materiel)
