More detailed documentation on the newly built Prusa Mendel (iteration
2). A PC has been dedicated to run it, below you will find the toolchain
used to run it and other details that you may find useful.

# Workflow

CAD/Thingiverse -\> Netfabb -\> STL -\> Slic3r -\> Pronterface -\>
PRINT!

See operation section for a tutorial.

CAD
:   FreeCAD (free, open source) and SolidWorks (expensive, some extra
    features) offer intuitive sketch and constraint based modeling.
:   OpenSCAD uses programming code to describe 3D models.
:   And in case you don't want to model anything and simply want to
    print stuff, go to [Thingiverse](http://www.thingiverse.com).

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```

Netfabb
:   software for checking the "3D printability" of the model you
    created. Go to [Netfabb](http://www.netfabb.com) and download the
    Studio Basic option. You can also simply use their cloud offering
    and have a repaired model emailed back to you.
:   if your model has issues, run the repair function with default
    settings and see if that remedies the issues. The repair function
    can be used by clicking the "first aid" symbol found at the far
    right on the tool bar.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```

STL
:   current format for 3D printing (AMF is coming around the corner).
:   at this point, your file should be patched up and ready to print.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```

Slic3r
:   software for creating 3d printing toolpaths
:   precompiled binaries can be had from
    [Slic3r.org](http://www.slic3r.org) or be built built from
    [github](https://github.com/alexrj/Slic3r).
:   use the profiles already generated for best results.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```

Pronterface
:   GUI for controlling the Prusa.
:   where you will connect to the printer, home, warm up and send print
    jobs from.
:   can be built from [github](https://github.com/kliment/Printrun) or
    download precompiled binaries for Windows/Mac
    [here](http://koti.kapsi.fi/%7Ekliment/printrun/).
:   preview G-Code generated by Slic3r.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```

Print
:   File is good to go, toolpaths are generated, time to let the robot
    do what it does best, PRINT!

# Materials

Switching from PLA to ABS, or vice versa, will require purging extruder
at with at least one meter of filament at \>225C.

Generally, PLA is stronger, better for the environment, and easier to
print with. Please use ABS only if there is a specific need for it.

-   PLA - Polylactic Acid

:   **Extremely ecologically friendly**, made from corn starch, smells
    like waffles/syrup while printing.
:   Harder than ABS at room temperature.
:   Needs a fan for parts with overhang/bridging.
:   Recommended solvent for gluing or vapor polishing is
    tetrahydrofuran. Slightly more hazardous, much more expensive, and
    less effective.
:   Low operating temperature (160C-200C).

-   ABS

:   **Much less environmentally friendly.**
:   Weaker than PLA at room temperature.
:   Poorer adhesion to bed while printing, may need polycarbonate bed,
    paper tape, kapton tape, etc.
:   Degrades nozzle, forcing more frequent cleaning by an experienced
    person with blowtorch and acetone.
:   High operating temperature (225C-240C).
:   Recommended solvent for gluing or vapor polishing is acetone. Low
    risk, low cost, highly effective.
:   Suitable for moderately high-temperature applications like coffee
    mugs, outdoor fixtures, and certain 3D printer components.

# Extra Maintenance {#extra_maintenance}

## Malfunction

-   Only grease with PTFE SuperLube, kept at HacDC next to printer.
-   Grease smooth rods and Z-Axis threaded rod if axes show signs of
    binding.
-   Tighten timing belts if not taunt.
-   Floss the hobbed bolt in the extruder.
-   Replace linear bearings if they are grinding, slipping laterally, or
    otherwise ruined.

## Replacing filament/changing spools {#replacing_filamentchanging_spools}

1.  Turn on the printer, open pronterface, and connect to the printer.
2.  If there is filament sticking out of the top of the extruder, you'll
    need to remove it.
3.  Set the hotend temperature (175-185 degrees Celsius for PLA)
4.  When extruder is warmed up, raise the extruder (+z axis) so it's not
    touching the bed.
5.  Click the reverse button while gently pulling upwards on the
    filament you wish to remove.
6.  Continue gently pulling and pressing reverse until the remaining
    filament is drawn out from the top of the extruder housing.
7.  Once the filament has been removed, replace the spool.
8.  Feed the new filament into the appropriate hole in the extruder
    housing.
9.  Gently press down on the filament while clicking "extrude" in
    pronterface. The extruder should grab the filament as you feed it.
10. Repeat the previous step until you see the new material being
    extruded from the tip.
11. Sometimes it may be necessary to loosen the spring loaded screws on
    the extruder, and manually unload/load the extruder.

# Tips

-   **Always swing fans in during a print. They engage automatically as
    appropriate.**
-   Time estimate in pronterface's bottom bar is wildly inaccurate. The
    console printout when a gcode file is loaded will be about 75%
    accurate.
-   Some problems may be ambient temperature related. When the room is
    52F (11C), plastic curling, extruder jams, and Z-axis endstop
    malfunction are more likely. Placing a space heater on medium heat
    (\~750W) at least four feet from the RepRap helps. Usual concerns
    about space heaters apply, be safe.
-   Bare glass bed is best for quality, tightly grips plastic when hot,
    releases when cold. Paper tape on glass is generally more tolerant
    to misalignment. Bare polycarbonate provides extremely strong
    adhesion, too strong above 45C.
-   When printing long parts (eg. 150mm\*50mm), it it is better to
    rotate the part, and align its length to the X-axis. The bed is
    slightly more level along the X-axis than the Y-axis due to a minor
    design flaw.

# Slic3r Settings {#slic3r_settings}

## Print Settings {#print_settings}

### Cheap

High speed, low plastic consumption, lightweight part. Also most
appropriate for model aircraft parts, as the strength-to-weight ratio is
likely approaching that of carbon fiber.

### Quality

Maximizes quality, strength, and accuracy. Used for Prusa Mendel
Replication.

### Precision

75micron layer height, for parts with smaller features.

## FilamentSettings

### HacDC

Optimized for bare glass bed, solid parts, and fast printing. Decrease
bed temperature to 45C for bare polycarbonate bed. Decreasing extrusion
temperature to 167C may improve bridging but requires slowing down print
speed, reduces quality, weakens printout, and may significantly increase
extruder wear.

## Printer Settings {#printer_settings}

Leave at "HacDC" unless you feel they need debugging.

# Advanced

Entire software load used on dedicated laptop available at
[github](https://github.com/HacDC/PrusaMendel). With these files, one
can use their own computer to control the reprap.

WARNING: Slic3r configuration changes made on the dedicated laptop will
be reset at reboot. Export your changes from slic3r to save them
elsewhere. Alternatively, fork our github repository, make modifications
there, and issue a pull request. Failing these options, email blabber.

# Credits

  --------- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  digifab   Constructed and donated working PrusaMendel Reprap.
  juri      Consultation on maintenance and multiple emergency repairs. Many emergency replacement parts.
  nully     Consultation on maintenance and multiple emergency repairs.
  --------- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

-   Several HacDC members for initial capital.
-   HacDC members for all [Project
    Awesome](http://wiki.hacdc.org/index.php/Category:Project_Awesome)
    funds.
-   Others.

# Technical Specs {#technical_specs}

This Prusa is fitted with the following:

-   Melzi - loaded with the latest Marlin firmware (as of 9/1/2012)
-   12V 30A PSU
-   Makergear 0.35mm for 3mm filament hot end
-   LM8UUs
-   GT2 (2mm) belting and pulleys (5mm bore, 20 tooth)
-   100K Thermistors (extruder an heated bed)

For FW reference on steps per axis: (80, 80, 2560, 855) {X, Y, Z, E},
this is also assuming 1/16th microstepping and 9/47 gears. Old extruder
used 666.67steps/mm.

# To Do {#to_do}

-   Tune trimpots on motor drivers
-   Print spare parts.
-   Experiment with higher supply voltages.

# Known Bugs {#known_bugs}

-   Model holes will print the wrong size. The proper way to manage this
    is by keeping about 0.25mm per wall or 0.5mm diameter clearance in
    CAD models.

# Additional Resources {#additional_resources}

-   "Slic3r is Nicer - Part 1 - Settings and Extruder Calibration"
    <http://richrap.blogspot.co.uk/2012/01/slic3r-is-nicer-part-1-settings-and.html>
-   A guide to calibrating and using slic3r:
    <https://github.com/alexrj/Slic3r/wiki/Calibration>

[Category:PrusaMendel](Category:PrusaMendel)
