`{{TOCright}}`{=mediawiki}

## Time and Location {#time_and_location}

:   Date Tue 12 Jul 2022
:   Called to order at 7:35 pm by Michelle
:   Members present: Michelle, John, Matt, Gabe, Oby, Kevin, Bobby
:   Members remote: (none)
:   Others present: Fernand Gouveia
:   [Quorum](Quorum)

    :   Quorum met? **YES**

## [Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes](Regular_Member_Meeting_2022_06_14) {#approval_of_previous_meetings_minutes}

-   Approved

## Recognition

-   **Gabe** for getting free complementary admission for HacDC people
    to the [9th Annual Official Cyber Security
    Summit](https://CyberSecuritySummit.com/summit/DCMetro22/) (Thursday
    July 28th, 2022) and a \$500 donation to HacDC from the summit
    organizers.

## New Members {#new_members}

## Old Business {#old_business}

-   The [Persistence of Vision (POV) Bike Light
    Project](https://lab64.stanford.edu/bike-light-pov) event scheduled
    for the last weekend in July has been canceled due to a change in
    the schedule of the organizer, Tayeb, who is leaving the DC area.
    However, if anyone wants to take up the mantle, requisite steps
    outlined by Tayeb are:
    -   determine if parts and supplies are available online (See
        <https://lab64.stanford.edu/bike-light-pov>)
    -   reach out to DC Bike Party and/or other groups and add to
        Facebook, Twitter, Blabber, etc.
    -   ensure that participants bring/buy their own supplies beforehand
-   **Inventory Refinement** - [Spring Cleaning
    2022](Inventory_Refinement_-_Spring_Cleaning_2022) --
    -   "Retain, Redistribute, or Recycle?" survey - a work-in-progress.
    -   Basement water issues are not critical at this point.
-   **Mail in workroom** - Matt and Michelle discussed regular mail
    pickup and have worked out a schedule between them. Tentatively,
    second and forth Monday pickup from the office, and drop at the
    space. John is also offering to check the mail once a week.
-   **3D printers** - The server is now up-to-date with installed
    software, but not yet configured to work with the printers currently
    in the space. Tayeb and Matt previously worked configuration
    settings that need to be incorporated into the server software.
    Kevin and Matt will schedule a meeting at the space to do that. Gabe
    and Bobby have expressed interest in being there for that as well.
    (Best to keep the gathering small, at this point.)
    -   Offer [OctoPrint](https://octoprint.org/) as the new default
        standard for printing, as it is friendlier to newcomers.
    -   Keep [Printrun](https://github.com/kliment/Printrun) available
        for advanced users. And, because it has code contributions from
        HacDC members accepted into the official published code
    -   Bobby is offering to write new documentation...
    -   Matt recommends weather-proof containers, NinjaFlex, "dessicant
        powder" (moisture reducing), etc. He had an estimate of \$300
        (The Container Store, ...) and now has official approval to
        purchase.
-   Matt brought filters and dropped them off in the space.

## New Business {#new_business}

-   Kevin is now acting as secretary (and flying blind)
-   **Mesh Networking Project**
    -   John will be introducing the amateur radio club to the project
        at tomorrow's meeting (Wednesday, July 13)
    -   Bobby reminded people of HacDC's [Project
        Byzantium](https://www.hacdc.org/category/byzantium/) which
        produced a [Live CD](https://archive.org/details/porteus) and
        was featured on
        [BoingBoing](https://boingboing.net/2012/07/20/byzantium-a-bootable-linux-wi.html)
        (There appears to be a [dead web
        site](https://project-byzantium.org/) still under our
        control...)
    -   Kevin mentioned the [Wireless Future Project
        work](https://www.newamerica.org/oti/wireless-future-project/)
        done by the [Open Technology
        Institute](https://www.newamerica.org/oti/) of the [New America
        Foundation](https://www.newamerica.org/) and the free book
        [Wireless Networking in the Developing
        World](https://creativecommons.org/2008/02/25/wireless-networking-in-the-developing-world/)
-   **Cyber Security Summit** - Let Michelle know if you want to attend
    the Cyber Security event. Please provide feedback on any issues
    getting tickets, etc. if you attempt to get tickets. Gabe suspects
    it's going to be a sales pitch more than a conference... Michelle
    says they do provide continuing education credits. So, perhaps more
    than a sales pitch.
-   **admin email list** - automated messages from various services that
    HacDC subscribes to are sent here (DreamHost, Twillo, VoIP). These
    include service outages, upgrade notices, and, importantly, payments
    due / expiring subscriptions, etc. Board members are **strongly**
    advised to join it and at least skim the messages coming through.
-   Speaking of which **DreamHost payment overdue notices** - Kevin (and
    Tayeb... and Matt?) have the username and password for DreamHost.
    (Kevin previously provided Tayeb with a password database containing
    passwords for several HacDC-related services.) He will look into the
    payment issue using DreamHost's control panel and coordinate with
    Matt.
-   **Financial & Mail Automation** - No progress (or, if mentioned,
    Kevin missed it)
-   Michelle would like to focus on recruiting new members.
    -   It was mentioned that the Capture the Flag (CtF) sessions were
        some of our better-attended events
-   **Machine learning classes** - Gabe and Oby.
    -   A rerun of Tayeb's class "Intro to Deep Learning" followed by a
        deeper dive.
    -   Oby is still in the planning stages. Four week class. Read
        material asynchronously and meet to do the actual coding.
    -   See <https://deeplearning.ai/>
    -   Michelle is suggesting a hybrid (in-person / online) approach
        for the Machine Learning. She has found resources available for
        less than \$100...
-   The PayPal logo on the home page is blocked by some ad blockers.
    Michelle will fix / provide non-blocked link.

## [Project Awesome](:Category:Project_Awesome) Reports {#project_awesome_reports}

### Project SUPPLIES - ??? {#project_supplies__}

### Project EXPANSION - ??? {#project_expansion__}

### Project HAMRADIO - ??? {#project_hamradio__}

### Project Electron Microscope (SEM) - ??? {#project_electron_microscope_sem__}

### Project Media Outreach - ??? {#project_media_outreach__}

### Project IT Infrastructure - ??? {#project_it_infrastructure__}

## Member Reports {#member_reports}

## Director Reports (Governance related stuff) {#director_reports_governance_related_stuff}

### President's Report {#presidents_report}

### Vice President's Report {#vice_presidents_report}

### Treasurer's Report {#treasurers_report}

-   20 members down from 21 as a result of Tayeb moving out of the area.
-   Michelle is now making the donation that Tayeb made.
-   Additional expense this month includes the new air filters.
-   Next month will show expenses for the newly approved containers,
    dessicant, filaments, etc.

### Secretary's Report {#secretarys_report}

### Director-at-Large Reports {#director_at_large_reports}

#### Gabe

#### John

## Adjournment

Adjourned by at 8:25 by Michelle

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
