`{{TOCright}}`{=mediawiki}

## Time and Location

:   Date: August 18th, 2020
:   Called to order at 7:35 pm by Karen
:   Members present: Eight members present: Karen, Tayeb, Kevin, Luis,
    Matt, Ken, Brian
:   Members remote: None
:   Others present:
:   [Quorum](Quorum)

    :   Quorum met? Yes

## Approval of [Previous Meeting's Minutes](Regular_Member_Meeting_2020_06_09)

Approved

## Recognition

## New Members

No new members

## Old Business

-   We are looking for opportunities to be more in line with the mission
    of the church, and find ways to help them. Tayeb proposes an idea of
    having a TechSupport day offered by HacDC for either the public or
    church tenants. And volunteers himself for the job

Follow Up: Need to brainstorm ideas first and then get back to Mike

-   How does our mission intersect with Saint Stephens? Ideas:
    -   Distance learning help for kids -- solicit computer donations to
        give to kids who don't have access
    -   Improving computer literacy course
    -   Participating in distance learning tutoring if that is possible

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   We have not heard anything new from the District Makers, and are not
    sure if they are still active in any way. There is potential for
    setting up a shop in the basement in collaboration with them (maybe
    give them control).

Follow Up: Eugene sent email, Tayeb to send back email offering dates
for zoom call (Tue, Wed, Thur first week of September)

## New Business

-   Brian: Looking to change locks on outer HacDC door to allow for
    fine-grained control

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Brian: Looking to fix network issues to allow full remote operation
    of Ham Radio station. Will need to interface with the IT person from
    St Stephens

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Kevin: Kyle Mulke emailed bod after Kevin requested he shut down his
    unmanaged discord server so HacDC can manage. Brian to ask Kyle
    Mulka to shut down the discord server, create a new discord that is
    managed by a HacDC email

## [Project Awesome](:Category:Project_Awesome) Reports

### Project HAMRADIO - Jeff

### Project Electron Microscope (SEM)

## Member Reports

## Director Reports (Governance related stuff)

### President's Report

### Vice President's Report

### Treasurer's Report

Financial Report: Current Balance -- \$4362 We currently have 18 paying
members, \$950 from dues and an additional \$390 from donations. Rent is
\$732 for August, total expenses are \$793

### Secretary's Report

### Director-at-Large Reports

## Adjournment

Adjourned by at 20:45 by Karen

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
