**Note:** This page serves as the 2011-10-11 Member Meeting's agenda
(before the meeting) and minutes (after the meeting).

## Time and Location {#time_and_location}

October 11, 2011

Meeting called to order at \_\_07:40\_\_ by: Ben Mendis

Members Present: Ben The Pyrate, Brad, Toast, Dan, Tim, Martin, Danny,
Todd, Richard, Chris, Reuven, Jon, Jaime, Xaq Others Present: Emily,
Max, Rae, Nick

[Quorum](Quorum) met? Yes

## Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes {#approval_of_previous_meetings_minutes}

[Regular Member Meeting 2011 09
13](Regular_Member_Meeting_2011_09_13) Approved

## Director Reports {#director_reports}

### President's Report {#presidents_report}

Not here.

### Vice President's Report {#vice_presidents_report}

None.

### Treasurer's Report (Tim Slagle) {#treasurers_report_tim_slagle}

Here is the Sept 2011 financial summary:
<file:HacDC_Financials_Sept_2011.pdf>

We ended September about \$100 ahead even though one-time contributions
have dropped to zero (no robotics class?). This is because we added
**six** member subscriptions in September! New paying members are: Adam
Green, Dan Barlow, Daniel Watson, Emily Dunne, Richard
Bullington-McGuire and Reuven Cohen (voted in May 2011). Alex Hofmann
last paid dues in June and was administratively dropped since he didn't
respond to emails.

Membership revenue now exceeds rent in the "new" space, but we still
rely on extra contributions to meet all expenses (hosting, insurance,
etc.) so thanks to everyone who kicks in extra!

Quorum is now 13.

Alberto and I checked out a possible space, 3 blocks east of the NY Ave
Metro (near the DC Fab Lab!) The deal was to sublet 4/5 of a 5000 ft\^2
warehouse for about \$2500/mo. However utilities would run \$600/mo in
winter, it would cost \$5K to fix up before we could occupy, and the
roof leaked all over the space and would cost \$25K to fix. It seemed
like a cool space for someone with the cash to fix it up, but not us :-(

Our corporate status was revoked by DC in September even though we filed
the required paperwork in Jan 2011. I have been in touch with DC and we
need to recreate the report that was filed since no copy was made. We
are still waiting on getting address info for the directors as of Jan
2011, I will submit it ASAP once we have everything.

ITG is switching mailing lists over to Google Groups. We found 17 recent
paying members who were not subscribed to the HacDC:Members list, and
ITG sent emails out inviting them to join.

### Secretary's Report {#secretarys_report}

Need to move all the member information onto Google Apps and need to
make sure all our member info is up to date on the digital list.

### Director-at-Large Reports {#director_at_large_reports}

#### Toast

#### Brad B {#brad_b}

We got \$10k worth of laser gear!!!!!! AWESOME!!

Talked to Phillis at Fab Lab DC. Wants to collaborate with us.

## Member Reports {#member_reports}

#### ITechGeek (Jamie) {#itechgeek_jamie}

6 of those 17 members who weren't on the members mailing list have
responded back asking to be placed on the members mailing list (and have
been added).

Also while auditing the members mailing list, there were 27 past
members/4 never members (As far as Tim S knows) on the list. Should
those people be moved on when members is migrated to Google Apps?

29 total mailing lists, 4 mailing lists moved over (A 5th was created
new), 2 mailing lists the list owners have said can be killed. Awaiting
word back from people about 7 mailing lists. Sent a message to BOD about
9 lists that I haven't heard back from them.

A lot of people have expressed their dislike of Drupal, does anyone
actually have an issue w/ being migrated to Wordpress 3? I think I've
found a way to import all the old posts from the Drupal site into a
Wordpress site. This is an initial concept site: hacdc.jbwa.net

#### Brad

Software Thrusdays is bring in new people to the space.

AI study group may be moving to Thursday as well.

Working on a new course involving Unix command-line.

#### Xaq

Work on the Prusa Mendle has slowed because he needs help working with
Microcontrollers. Specifically, an Arduino. Hanging out at Occupy DC.
They need some tech help. Talk to Xaq.

#### Martin

Doing wiring for the chruch, should wrap up next weekend.

Ham radio club is meeting tomorrow.

We have a booth for an upcoming Robot Festival-like event.

Katie sent us some tasty treats from Japan.

#### Dan Barlow {#dan_barlow}

We had some visitors from a Chinese hackerspace last week.

We have a bunch of cool laser stuff, Dan has ideas for how to setup
"Party Mode" in the class room.

#### Richard

Learned about a new space called GeekEasy(.org).

## Old Business {#old_business}

None.

## New Business {#new_business}

### New Vice President {#new_vice_president}

Bradford has been upgraded.

The vacant DAL position will be filled at the next meeting.

Martin will become our new registered agent for DC corporate status.

## New Members {#new_members}

#### Emily Dunne {#emily_dunne}

Nom: Ben Sec: Chris Approved

#### Nick

Nom: Toast Sec: Brad Approved

#### Max

Nom: Ben Sec: Chris Approved

#### Mike Chelen {#mike_chelen}

Nom: Chris Sec: Jon Thrid: none. Waiting until next meeting.

## Adjournment

Adjourned at: 8:45

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
