`{{TOCright}}`{=mediawiki}

## Time and Location {#time_and_location}

:   Date: Tue 10 May 2022
:   Called to order at 7:37pm by Michelle
:   Members present: Brian, Michelle\*, Ken, John\*, Oby\*, Kevin
:   Members remote: all
:   Others present: Ulisses
:   [Quorum](Quorum)

    :   Quorum met? Yes

## Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes {#approval_of_previous_meetings_minutes}

## Recognition

## New Members {#new_members}

## Old Business {#old_business}

1.  Basement cleanup - "peel back the onion" of this large project to
    make progress this year; several did "Part 1 of 2" in April (?)
    weekend, going to do "Part 2 of 2" with volunteers in June.
    Organizers: John, Brian, and Michelle. John would like to see a
    facility that supports what people actually need in the future. Oby
    thinks "machine shop" is best-case-scenario for basement and more
    specialty stuff down there. Water wasn't present there, but still
    does occur when it rains heavily - see Mike/replacement to see if he
    did what he said and created a barrier to prevent it from getting
    wet. Safety concerns: chemicals in basement, possible mold even
    though cannot smell (may need mold detector & dehumidifiers / Brian
    thinks there are two dehumidifiers). Removing the 1-ton optical
    table or create an island with machine shop - either way need to
    remove the shelves (and the stuff on them) to make more room to
    move. Michelle will send out poll for June 4-5 or June 11-12.
2.  Discuss purchase of new filament - Mostly inexpensive, need
    semi-clear plastic box that seals, need anhydrous dessicant
    (reusable beads), need two gallon ziploc baggies, and then lastly
    need the filament (PLA, PETG, couple rolls of Ninjaflex). Potential
    supplier: <https://www.villageplastics.com/>
3.  Rockville Science Day:

-   **What Went Well / What We Did Right (include "Codes of Conduct")**
    -   kids interactive game handouts (Phil / Teresa)
    -   made links to other organizations (Ulisses, other orgs)
    -   well-attended member event, esp. post-covid
-   **Learnings**
    -   lots of kids or parents with kids
    -   need to bring our own folding table
-   **What Needs Improvement**
    -   finding a stand that will support a video/monitor
    -   social media presence / free PR
    -   need new HacDC banner
    -   need more reminders about event by HacDC
    -   brochures need membership-details (Meetup, "cost-benefits")

## New Business {#new_business}

-   Ulisses - starting federated biology-combo group of labs; mostly
    graduate students or working professionals; space is hosted by
    Rockville Science Center
-   New Orleans report-back -
    -   Mesh Network - John would be open to partnering HAM Radio club
        on this project; Michelle reaching out to prof at Univ MD
        Baltimore County; Kevin says to reach out to Open Tech think
        tank in DC
        -   DC Broadband Bridge - Kevin heard this used to be in DC
        -   [Project
            Byzantium](https://wiki.hacdc.org/index.php?title=Category:Byzantium)
-   PAR / Recycle Works (Philadelphia) back in the picture - owner of
    PAR has morphed organization into generic Windows computer training
    services; Michelle feels this does not
-   WordPress work needed - Dreamhost needs us to upgrade to 8.1
-   AI Machine Learning - Oby interested in restarting this; we started
    in 2020 on the first course and Oby ; should be a part of the
    newsletter to gauge interest

## [Project Awesome](:Category:Project_Awesome) Reports {#project_awesome_reports}

### Project SUPPLIES - ??? {#project_supplies__}

### Project EXPANSION - ??? {#project_expansion__}

### Project HAMRADIO - ??? {#project_hamradio__}

### Project Electron Microscope (SEM) - ??? {#project_electron_microscope_sem__}

### Project Media Outreach - ??? {#project_media_outreach__}

### Project IT Infrastructure - ??? {#project_it_infrastructure__}

## Member Reports {#member_reports}

## Director Reports (Governance related stuff) {#director_reports_governance_related_stuff}

### President's Report {#presidents_report}

### Vice President's Report {#vice_presidents_report}

### Treasurer's Report {#treasurers_report}

### Secretary's Report {#secretarys_report}

### Director-at-Large Reports {#director_at_large_reports}

#### ???

#### ??? {#section_1}

## Adjournment

Adjourned by at ??? by ???

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
