**Note:** This page serves as the 2011-07-12 Member Meeting's agenda
(before the meeting) and minutes (after the meeting).

## Time and Location

July 12, 2011

Meeting called to order at \_7:40\_ by: Elliot

Members Present:

Elliot Toast Eric Phil Will Brad Martin Dan John Bjorn Tim

Others Present: Greg

[Quorum](Quorum) met? yes.

## Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes

[Regular Member Meeting 2011 06
14](Regular_Member_Meeting_2011_06_14)

## Director Reports

### President's Report

### Vice President's Report

Nothing.

### Treasurer's Report (Tim Slagle)

I have tracked down all the account info I needed but am still looking
for some receipts. I downloaded all the 2011 financial info from BB&T
and PayPal. Made a 2011 financial spreadsheet (Google Doc) which has
member dues and donation payments, and a financial summary for each
month. Here is the financial summary:
<file:HacDC_Financials_June_2011.pdf>

We are basically breaking even due to the increased member donations and
a non-trivial amount of donations from the robotics class (\$200). It
would be good to increase revenues even more so that we can start
building the reserve back up and fund some projects again! We ended June
2011 with a reserve of about 2.5 months expenses.

In June, we had 43 paying members, one non-paying member, added no new
members.

I plan to cancel our monthly Quicken Online account (\$10.55/mo) as soon
as I'm sure my spreadsheets capture enough info to do the annual report.

### Secretary's Report

### Director-at-Large Reports

#### Toast

-   Clit-fest workshop, zine workshop didn't want to hold workshops here
    b/c not handicap accessible

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Zine fest drew about 10 people

#### Brad B

-   USA.gov asked to share about their data visualization for bit.ly
    hackathon, July 29. (Passed up our venue b/c of our internet
    connection.)

## Member Reports

-   Absent member [Katie](user:katie) says hi from Japan, and
    congrats on the latest spaceblimp launch!

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Martin discussed Spaceblimp 5. Awesome, easy recovery, fun. 16th
    highest amateur balloon. New HacDC stickers have been re-ordered.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Bjorn talked about Elizabeth's Max/MSP workshop. There will be more
    events, with the aim of bringing a bunch of music types. Processing
    workshops on the horizon?

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Dan broke down and ordered a bunch of broken video projectors -- has
    20W LEDs. Talk to him if you're interested in playing around with
    one. Also has 3x100W LEDs ordered.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Elliot talked about repairing all the 3D printers, building up the
    Prusa. We should probably step up and commit to a weekend build and
    get it hammered in an afternoon. We also have taken responsibility
    not only for running the wiring on the church intercom, but also
    sourcing the components. That project is currently in limbo.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Pete replaced the belt on the drill press

## Old Business

## New Business

## New Members

## Adjournment

Adjourned at: 8:40 pm

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
