`{{TOCright}}`{=mediawiki}

## Time and Location

:   Date: July 13th 2021
:   Called to order at 7:34 pm by Tayeb
:   Members present: Matt, Michelle, Tayeb, Gabe, Kevin, Ken
:   Members remote: (all)
:   Others present: Raza, TS, BP
:   [Quorum](Quorum)

    :   Quorum met? Yes

## Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes

## Recognition

-   Open Project Night -- everyone who showed up and Gabe for hosting!
-   Tristian -- for hosting Capture The Flag event!

## New Members

## Old Business

-   Pro RecycleWorks collaboration -- weekend of July 10th Philly Trip
    (Kevin, Ken, Tayeb) met up with Sanjay (formerly in DC); met with
    Maurice and saw electronic recycling facility (he has small
    warehouse facility, truck, many paid assistants who are formerly
    incarcerated); hard disk drives, cd drives, etc; charges for the
    waste leftover. What could HacDC offer them? Very introductory
    programming classes. Kevin and Tayeb will work to teach some intro
    programming. Next planning meeting is for next Friday.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Food Kitchen (DC Food Bank) -- They are booked out as far as they
    are planning - there is no space for a group on Saturdays, there is
    no real need here. Instead, Tayeb will ask Mike how can help with
    food donations at St. Stephens.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Capture The Flag Night -- 6+ people was successful! Will move
    forward with this as a recurring monthly event.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Monthly Sentiment Survey -- July received half of responses as prior
    months except requests for "ventilation" was \~85% requested which
    was much higher than previously listed. Probably we need to
    advertise this better if we want higher on-site attendance. New
    policy is "masks not required unless someone in attendance makes a
    request."

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Twilio Authentication -- api on hacdc.org is malfunctioning to ring
    phone properly

## New Business

-   Pro RecycleWorks collaboration -- will visit their facility in late
    May/beginning of June with Kevin, Tayeb, and Sanjay (+ maybe others)
    -- Update haven't heard back but will follow up, Kevin will discuss

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Funds surplus -- possible use could be a capital purchase; MattS
    -   Laser cutter -- Tayeb sees this is a significant gap in our
        space; would require ventilation (as an adjunct cost); MattS
        <https://all3dp.com/1/best-home-desktop-laser-cutter-engraver-aio-machine/>
    -   TV Camera --
    -   (something that makes it more attractive to attend in-person)
    -   Other -- someone might want to research to see what are
        "standard tools" that hackerspaces have

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Hive76 (in Philly) --

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Deep Learning -- targeting course for September not Coursera
    curriculum but designed by HacDC :)

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Membership -- desire to change our membership to allow for two
    membership classes (access to physical space, no access to physical
    space) in part to facilitate the virtual classes which should be
    popular; any change to membership means a change to the Bylaws
    -   60 - Max membership HacDC has attained
    -   18 - Existing membership
    -   10 - dollars for monthly "virtual membership" on
        <https://hackerdojo.com/membership>

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   PCB Etch Mill --
    <https://maker.pro/pcb/tutorial/how-to-make-your-own-pcbs-mill-or-etch>
-   Licensing Renewal -- Matt took care of this (yay!)

## [Project Awesome](:Category:Project_Awesome) Reports

### Project SUPPLIES - Mirage

### Project EXPANSION - Mirage

### Project HAMRADIO - Jeff

### Project Electron Microscope (SEM) - Julia

### Project Optical Table Robot (OTR) - Julia

### Project CRISPR -Enrique

\- Report and updates

### Project SpaceBlimp -Enrique

\- Report and updates

### Project Media Outreach - Matt

### Project IT Infrastructure - Tom

## Member Reports

## Director Reports (Governance related stuff)

### President's Report

### Vice President's Report

### Treasurer's Report

### Secretary's Report

### Director-at-Large Reports

#### ???

#### ???

## Adjournment

Adjourned by ???

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
