**Note:** This page serves as the 2011-06-14 Member Meeting's agenda
(before the meeting) and minutes (after the meeting).

## Time and Location {#time_and_location}

June 14, 2011

Meeting called to order at \_7:30\_ by \_Elliot\_.

Members Present: Elliot, Jamie, Phil, Martin, Brad, Ruben, Toast, Tim,
Xaq, Ben, Chris

Others Present:

[Quorum](Quorum) met? Yes

## Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes {#approval_of_previous_meetings_minutes}

[Regular Member Meeting 2011 05
10](Regular_Member_Meeting_2011_05_10) Approved.

## Director Reports {#director_reports}

### President's Report {#presidents_report}

Absent.

### Vice President's Report {#vice_presidents_report}

-   I signed a new lease for the same rent as before (\$2,526). It turns
    out that we are already getting use of the basement space for free,
    in exchange for our maintaining the church ethernet, and the
    square-footage price is exactly in-line with the rest of the tenants
    in the church. I.e. there was no good bargaining room.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   What we \_did\_ agree to was to help the church install a new
    intercom system on our floor for \$2000. We need to meet some
    weekend (probably) to run some cables through the ceiling tile and
    hook up intercoms in all the offices on the floor. The church was
    going to pay a contractor for this, and Brian thought it'd be a
    great way to hook HacDC up with some money for a Saturday's work.
    We'll need a bunch of willing volunteers.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   TC isn't able to continue on as Treasurer due to a whole bunch of
    family obligations. I currently have the books and the checkbook,
    and I've paid our rent. If I get some time, I'll look at our
    financials and sent out a quasi-Treasurer's report in a bit.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Rock on!

### Treasurer's Report (Vacant) {#treasurers_report_vacant}

### Secretary's Report {#secretarys_report}

Byzantium has been getting some attention, people are starting to see
the need for cheap and reliable mesh networking. Still more work to be
done, people are interested but we need a working mailing list.

TECS is done for now.

### Director-at-Large Reports {#director_at_large_reports}

#### -Vacant- {#vacant_}

#### Brad B {#brad_b}

Brad & Reuben have been teaching Python. Great class!

Haven't made much progress with realtors. We already have a very good
rate.

We're partnering with One.USA.gov and bit.ly to do a visualization
hack-a-thon.

## Member Reports {#member_reports}

### Toast

Girl rock concert... 5 people showed up. (Blue and her friends.)

Zine-fest coming up in mid-July. (They're like paper blogs.) They would
like to use our space for workshops.

Women punk-rock thing happening in early July. They would also like to
do workshops in the space.

Running for Director at Large.

### Xaq

Reprap is being built.

Discussion about a 3D printing class. Might actually happen this time.
Don't want to start until the RepRap is finished so we have more than
one printer.

### Elizabeth

Starting a Max MSP workshop. (real-time audio stuff) Four workshops
because it would be a trial version.

### Chris

Reminder that Byzantium starts on the last Friday of every month. We
keep having schedule collisions with other events.

### Martin

Spaceblimp will fly before the end of August. A bunch of grant
possibilities available.

### Will G. {#will_g.}

DC-MAN has some opportunity for educational access.

## Old Business {#old_business}

## New Business {#new_business}

### Special Election for Director-at-Large {#special_election_for_director_at_large}

Tim Slagle is running for Director-at-Large on the LASER platform (We
need a laser cutter @ HacDC). -LASERS!!!!!!!! ......q:

Any other candidates??? Toast Nom: Will G. Second: Elliot Elected!

### Special Election for Treasurer {#special_election_for_treasurer}

Any candidates??? Tim Slagle. Nom: Elliot Second: Will G. Elected!

Do we still get a laser? Maybe.

## Friendly Visitors {#friendly_visitors}

### Chad

From VA. Interested in woodworking.

### Matt

New to DC. Found us on Meetup.com. Also from VA. Software design.

## Adjournment

Adjourned at \_8:10\_

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
