`{{TOCright}}`{=mediawiki}

## Time and Location {#time_and_location}

:   Date
:   Called to order at 7:45 pm by Enrique
:   Members present: Juri, Don, Alex T., Ben, Bobby, Enrique
:   Members remote: Hunter, Mirage, Michael C, Kevin C, Celeste, Tom I.
:   Others present:
:   [Quorum](Quorum)

    :   Quorum met?

Yes. 11/10

## Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes {#approval_of_previous_meetings_minutes}

<http://wiki.hacdc.org/index.php/Regular_Member_Meeting_2015_11_10>

## Recognition

-   Matt's (and ITechGeek) fixing the church's router sorta earned us a
    near-\$1,000 goodwill credit from St. Stephen's.

## Director Reports {#director_reports}

### President's Report {#presidents_report}

### Vice President's Report {#vice_presidents_report}

Planning to run at the next election to continue as HacDC VP.

Has been a rough year. Expecting better next year.

New idea for the RFID lock system - electronic key switch and maglock.
Might be a lot cheaper than installing an electronic door strike. Thanks
to Makersmiths folk for the lively discussion.

No more excuses remain, Shawn Wilson's abandoned Rostock Max goes to the
going-out pile next month.

### Treasurer's Report {#treasurers_report}

-   PayPal Balance: \$2,459.02
-   Dwolla Balance: \$3,470.00
-   BB&T Ballance: \$2434.74

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Income from membership dues: \$1400
-   Donations: \$175 (\$15 for HARC)

Expenditures during Nov: \$463.94 (bedbug killer, Paypal fee, and
reimbursement for shelving)

Rent for DEC has been paid.

### Secretary's Report {#secretarys_report}

-   I created a basement work group, basement@hacdc.org, to split off
    basement improvement discussions from the main members list.
    Currently it's Bobby, Dan, Julia, Matt, Christine and myself.
    Everyone is free to join if you're interested; otherwise we'll just
    update progress at meetings. The current update is that Brian thinks
    the leak should be fixed in a couple of days. I also swept and
    vacuumed some of the front room but it'll probably need a more
    thorough cleaning before we do anything to the floor. It seems like
    garage floor paint is inexpensive, fast and easy to apply (I've used
    it before, looks great). It should be well short of our \$500
    approved budget.

### Director-at-Large Reports {#director_at_large_reports}

#### Don

#### Phil

## [Project Awesome](:Category:Project_Awesome) Reports {#project_awesome_reports}

### Project SUPPLIES {#project_supplies}

-   Rostock Max extruder, hotend, mounting plate. Should be able to
    upgrade it to use exactly the same hardware as our reliable
    LulzBots.

### Project EXPANSION {#project_expansion}

No expenditures this month.

### Project HAMRADIO {#project_hamradio}

HARC meeting/dinner tomorrow nitght, planning for next year's HARC
events Between 25-30 ham radio exams done this year new ham lives very
close to HacDC, not here tonight though Elections are tomorrow night.

### Project SEM {#project_sem}

## Member Reports {#member_reports}

### mirage335

Extremely busy. TazMega still in progress, on account of some slowly
delivered motors and broken lasers.

Please do not dispose of the items I mentioned on the mailing list.
Including the old ThinkPad, electronic filters, and any \>25W power
amplifiers. If they are not wanted at HacDC, I will take them. Would be
sad to see them trashed.

## Old Business {#old_business}

-   Should we get a PO Box? The downsides are it's a new, additional
    recurring expense to the tune of \$110/year or \$10/mo (Mirage has
    volunteered to cover some of this), and someone would have to go
    fetch the mail at the post office. The upside would be direct,
    secure access to our mail with no middle man, even after hours, and
    a mailing address separate from St. Stephen's.

## New Business {#new_business}

-   Should we have two meetings a month, rather than one very long one?
    In the past HacDC had two meetings a month with one meeting for
    official business (debate and vote on proposals) and the other for
    more informal updates (member, project and board officer reports).
    With few exceptions the current board hasn't met in person outside
    of monthly members meetings and doing so much business over email
    has big drawbacks. - Enrique

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Our next meeting, in January, is the Annual Meeting where a new
    Board of Directors will be elected. At least one board member will
    not be running for re-election, so give some thought to running for
    a board position. (Yes we should stagger the terms but how? January
    & July elections? Discuss) - Enrique

(
<http://runningahackerspace.tumblr.com/post/129427996964/transitioning-your-board-role-to-another>
)

## New Members {#new_members}

Bruce

## Adjournment

Adjourned by at 9:10 by Juri

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
