## Time and Location

August 14, 2012

Meeting called to order at 7:47pm by:

Members Present: Brad, Ben, Martin, Chris, Eric, Jon, Tim S, Jamie,
Katie, Tim C, Liz, Andy, Bjorn, BioNick, Dan

Others Present: Sharad, Nick

[Quorum](Quorum) met? yes

## Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes

[Regular Member Meeting 2012 07
10](Regular_Member_Meeting_2012_07_10)

## Director Reports

### President's Report

Lots of random contact to BOD list. Looking forward to PR work (now have
access to all external HacDC media).

### Vice President's Report

#### Byzantium

We presented at HOPE (where we released v0.2a) and FOSSCON. Generally
positive feedback. We're still making steady improvements.

I purchased 710 CDs with color-printed labels to give out at HOPE and
FOSSCON. This cost a total of \$395.68 (\$223.50 for 500 CDs, \$172.18
for another 200 CDs + duplication).

We have gained a new developer on the team, and possibly a new UX
designer as well.

We are submitting our talk to CCC.

We are discussing mesh interoperabilty with several other groups and we
may be attending a summit in Barcelona to present our proposals to a
broader audience and begin the process of building a standard.

#### Columbia Heights/Mount Pleasant Community Wireless Network

Preston has given me a new firmware update for the router when he was
here yesterday. We would have run the update already but I managed to
forget the password so we need to reflash over TFTP. (My bad.)

It appears that there is growing interests in Columbia Heights for a
community wireless network. As soon as our node is connected to any
other node in either network I want to start coding sprints to build
community/mesh-centric web apps.

#### Dwolla

I switched to Dwolla. It's fun, it's easy. Everyone should do it!

#### The Elements of Computing Systems

I'm planning to run this again this fall. Hopefully with FPGAs!

### Treasurer's Report

Here is the financial summary spreadsheet for July 2012:
![](HacDC_Financials_2012_07.pdf "HacDC_Financials_2012_07.pdf") We had
a one-time donation of \$500 which is earmarked for Byzantium expenses.
Otherwise, at 56 paying members, membership dues are just covering
expenses and the remaining \$280 surplus is due to the generous member
and friend contributions - thanks to everyone who kicks in extra!

We logged three new membership subscriptions last month (Daniel
Koestler, Samudra Haque, Timothy Dixon) but lost four (Alli Rense, David
Lotts, Mike Chelen, Xaq Rothman), and had four non-paying members. There
are several more members expected to drop in August so revenue from
membership dues may be dipping below expenses until we add members
again.

Quorum stays at 14 considering the members who have dropped in August.

### Director-at-Large Reports

#### Martin

Amateur radio activity is picking up steadily. Awaiting certification
from ARRL. Space blimps scheduled for launch this year!

#### Nick

Leaving. :( Resigned due to impropriety (actually just moving).

## Member Reports

### [HOPE9](http://www.hopenumbernine.net/) attendees' reports

#### haxwithaxe

-   \$100 active lead EEG headset
-   OpenBTS
-   [SleepyHead](http://sourceforge.net/projects/sleepyhead/) CPAP data
    reader/tracker
-   Carry your ear plugs ... tinnitus sucks :(

### haxwithaxe/The Doctor/Ben/Redbeard

The epic journey and the magic fairy-god-occupiers

### Katie

Getting in touch with people at Hacktory Philly to do Hacking the Gender
Gap workshop. Lightning Talks November 3rd!!! Working on getting full
consent for release of video of last talks. Maybe tea night soon.

### Dan

SELEM 2012 this weekend. Lasers!! Pew pew! Continuing to work on X-Laser
donations. In need of 15V/1A PSUs.

### Andy

New t-shirts? Submit new design ideas to Andy!

### Tim

Recorded Brad's Intro to Python class - videos are on HacDC YouTube
site!

### Liz

Went on sabbatical to Stime in Amsterdam. Looking to collaborate on
musical projects/max msp.

### Martin

Raspberry Pi road show! Sept 26th!!

## Old Business

## New Business

-   Reimburse Ben for the purchase of the Byzantium CDs (appoved)

## New Members

## Sharad (approved)

Electrician! :)

## Nick (approved)

We all know Nick!

## Adjournment

Adjourned at: 8:18pm

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
