`{{TOCright}}`{=mediawiki}

## Time and Location

:   Date Tue 14 Dec 2021
:   Called to order at 7:47pm pm by Tayeb
:   Members present: Tayeb\* (on-site)
:   Members remote: Michelle\*, Matt S, Brian\*, Ken
:   Others present: Roden
:   [Quorum](Quorum)

    :   Quorum met? No

-   = board members

## Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes

## Recognition

Tristan - for Microfabrication and FreeCAD events donors - special
thanks... just because

## New Members

## Old Business

New Workspace Oversight Person - Rev. Rondesia Jarrett-Schell; wants to
know who is using the roof (and when we use it) and when/how they need
to use it; no rent increase thus far; they are trying a leak in the
basement and want us to de-clutter the basement so they can get that
fixed. Par Cycleworks - Kevin spoke with Sanjai and Maurice; Kevin in
process of setting up first session; project ON HOLD until better
organizing DIY microphone project (by Robert Phelps) - hybrid
at-home/at-HACDC project; machining appears to involve only filing and
drilling (although soldering with optional kitchen blow torch used to
weld copper ring; might be able to find copper ring already joined/one
piece so necessary grounding still takes place); \$30 in parts to make
\$900-quality comparable model; gauge interest (video); carryover to
next month Lathe machine (loaner) - Tristan to borrow \~1 month to
prevent from going back and forth to space Annual Survey (by Michelle) -
more in-depth discussion at Board member Coinbase Hack - why oh why,
Coinbase? was always "fun money", now is "gone money"

## New Business

Zoom - want to switch from Jitsi; initially requested by Ethan; will use
TechSoup nonprofit account; former person setup was Nicholas (secretary
before Tayeb) O'Reilly Community Partner - Kevin set us up; we need to
add their logo on the website and add them to at least one of our
newsletters “Unified Data” Project (Phase 1)
"Wiki-Website-Meetup-Google" - Michelle is interested in leading,
already in discussion with Kevin on to spec out requirements to do this
(as well as backup-and-recovery strategies) (potential other phases:
instructor/member on-boarding, open data pilot project) April 24, 2022
at Montgomery College at Rockville Science - "family fun" event;
outdoors and free to host a booth; HacDC will host a booth (soldering
class, robotics); Tayeb will follow-up; exhibitors setup is (April 23
and April 24 early morning) John & Don - their grant for Amateur Radio
looks good; will get \$26k to improve antenna system - mostly goes to
Aries (radio for emergency) Trivia Vender Machine (via Dallas
Hackerspace) - only way to get food is to answer science questions; Phil
wants to build a portable one where students write the questions (can
use coupons or others); would be interested in donating
PairsMathGame.com - Phil interested in helping share his invention
during the Rockville event

## [Project Awesome](:Category:Project_Awesome) Reports

### Project SUPPLIES - ???

### Project EXPANSION - ???

### Project HAMRADIO - ???

### Project Electron Microscope (SEM) - ???

### Project Media Outreach - ???

### Project IT Infrastructure - ???

## Member Reports

## Director Reports (Governance related stuff)

### President's Report

### Vice President's Report

### Treasurer's Report

### Secretary's Report

### Director-at-Large Reports

#### ???

#### ???

## Adjournment

Adjourned by at Tayeb by 8:45pm

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
