`{{TOCright}}`{=mediawiki}

## Time and Location

:   Date Tue 11 Jan 2022
:   Called to order at 7:35 pm by Tayeb
:   Members present: Mario, John\*, Tayeb\*, Kevin, Oby, John\*, Dan,
    Brian, Michelle\*, Gabe\*
:   Members remote: (none)
:   Others present:
:   [Quorum](Quorum)

    :   Quorum met? Yes

## Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes

## Recognition

Matt - new member on-boarding process (payment transactions & TechSoup)
Kevin - communications & risk management process (website and wiki
backups) John - funding & relevant new programming (grant proposal
acceptance)

## New Members

## Old Business

1.  Zoom - want to switch from Jitsi; initially requested by Ethan; will
    use TechSoup nonprofit account; former person setup was Nicholas
    (secretary before Tayeb)
2.  O'Reilly Community Partner - Kevin set us up; we need to add their
    logo on the website and add them to at least one of our newsletters
3.  “Unified Data” Project (Phase 1) "Wiki-Website-Meetup-Google" -
    Michelle is interested in leading, already in discussion with Kevin
    on to spec out requirements to do this (as well as
    backup-and-recovery strategies) (potential other phases:
    instructor/member on-boarding, open data pilot project)
    1.  Kevin: who is on HacDC "admin" list? we probably need some
        monitoring/clean-up there.
4.  April 24, 2022 at Montgomery College at Rockville Science - "family
    fun" event; outdoors and free to host a booth; HacDC will host a
    booth (soldering class, robotics); Tayeb will follow-up; exhibitors
    setup is (April 23 and April 24 early morning)
    1.  Tayeb: has signed us up - will be outdoor event; if anyone has
        anything to demo, let us know!
    2.  Kevin: we will need to know if they have power
    3.  Michelle: we should get a photographer too - good shots for PR,
        website, newsletter, etc.
5.  John & Don - their grant for Amateur Radio looks good; will get
    \$26k to improve antenna system - mostly goes to Aries (radio for
    emergency)
6.  Trivia Vender Machine (via Dallas Hackerspace) - only way to get
    food is to answer science questions; Phil wants to build a portable
    one where students write the questions (can use coupons or others);
    would be interested in donating
7.  PairsMathGame.com - Phil interested in helping share his invention
    during the Rockville event

## New Business

1.  Board Member Elections \* - on Mar 8 during regular Monthly Members
    Meeting; decided during Board member meeting we had on Dec 21
2.  Grants Project Committee \* - start an email distribution list for
    members interested in pursuing grant-based projects for HacDC
    (needs: aggregate list of potential grants, manage future
    projects/hardware, partner with like-minded community partners,
    create business plans for consideration). Can merge with this
    [matrix
    list](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Vxa7L7dPvZi0qEluxKf1EvKdPnKa62sAdr3RdY97cAU/edit#gid=225237387)
    for comparison.
3.  Ham Club \* - status on the grant and address any questions about
    the Ham Club initiative; bonus: with Ethan rejoining HacDC, we now
    have 5 licensed hams!
    1.  One of members who moved to CA uses transponders and weather
        balloons called attention to organization interested in funding
        HAM radio activities to encourage "digital modes" of HAM radios
        and RF-propogation; another objective of theirs is to support
        HAMs as hobby and want to grow it to be real presence in DC and
        three specific initiatives: (1) bring back emergency comms
        capability through A2RLs (Aries) (?) program through -most
        states have multiple, but one in DC was dormant can be helpful
        when major events in city (protests, etc) and is a great way of
        engaging HAM radio (repeaters, stable comms, etc) to connect to
        emergency operations center for DC also connect to hospitals for
        Aries groups; Elizabeth Goodson (?) is leading this effort (2)
        second effort to license HAMs to develop various aspects of the
        hobby to a variety of things like activations in subtopics which
        they want to explore: on mountaintops, parks, people who like to
        communicate with satellites, people who like to bounce signals
        off moon (3) continue with upgrade of their radio station (all
        the equipment has been donated by members. NEXT STEP =\> they
        welcome new members from HacDC (will help get license and pass
        the test) and be included in their planning meetings going
        forward
4.  [Precious
    Plastics](https://preciousplastic.com/starterkits/overview.html) -
    global open source but community-level plastics drop-off,
    collections, shredder workspace, melting & molding, extrusion, and
    so on services. Similar to 3D printing outcomes but slightly more
    scalable and vastly more sustainable. Compared to another partner
    we've looked at before, PAR Recycle Works: PP is bigger community,
    more documentation/videos on how to get started. Can HacDC get a
    grant to become a Precious Plastics workspace? Can HacDC become
    pipeline to sell the final products regionally online instead? Reach
    out to new member Mario who might be interested in projects involved
    with recycling.
    1.  Mario: interested as long as isn't distraction
5.  Unified Data - Website designs sent out for review, comments; Also
    questions: (1) what was the address of the old location in the
    header image on the designs sent out? (2) is there a higher quality
    version of our logo somewhere? (3) currently, only myself, Tayeb,
    and Kevin on the "Unified Data" team, any board member interested in
    joining should email unified-data@hacdc.org - first meeting will be
    later on this month discussing the Newsletter and the latest Website
    design changes.
    1.  Kevin: wants us to decide on Recovery & Restoration
    2.  [Diagram of data services, providers, features, and
        pros/cons](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/16V30z4HMzw8cBTL5OS91JNGNpRfyqNWBqGwtf6Fs1zg/edit#slide=id.g10769e895e5_0_23)
    3.  Kevin: current web host provider, Dreamhost, is seriously
        limited; cannot install packages and do innovative web projects
        1.  Tayeb: Digital Ocean has application process to review
6.  Laser Cutter - on the agenda to purchase for a while now; is a big
    draw for people come to space
    1.  43% of survey respondents want this; many email requests for
        prospective members looking to use this
    2.  Funding - can be donations (via website tagged with "laser
        cutter") + grant funding for longer-term maintenance

\_\_\_\_ (\*) = Address in first 30 minutes for full Board member
attendance

## [Project Awesome](:Category:Project_Awesome) Reports

### Project SUPPLIES - ???

### Project EXPANSION - ???

### Project HAMRADIO - ???

### Project Electron Microscope (SEM) - ???

### Project Media Outreach - ???

### Project IT Infrastructure - ???

## Member Reports

Louie - will terminate membership; "gave it a year" to be useful to him
and it hasn't; now doing some cool digital art stuff; possibility
remains to rejoin

## Director Reports (Governance related stuff)

### President's Report

### Vice President's Report

### Treasurer's Report

### Secretary's Report

### Director-at-Large Reports

#### ???

#### ???

## Adjournment

Adjourned by at ??? by ???

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
