## Time and Location

:   July 9, 2013
:   Called to order at 1935 by Ben.
:   Members present: 11 at Hac, 3 online.
:   Others present:
:   [Quorum](Quorum)?

    :   Quorum met? Yes.

## Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes

[Regular Member Meeting 2013 06
11](Regular_Member_Meeting_2013_06_11)

## Recognition

### Dan Barlow, Martin, Jon Singer, Chas, TC

Massive thanks for Optical Table delivery (including difficult rigging).
Advanced mechanical (eg. advanced 3D printers, CNC mills) and optical
(eg. microscopy) engineering is now possible at HacDC.

## Director Reports

### President's Report

Nothing to report.

### Vice President's Report

Nothing to report.

### Treasurer's Report

Here is the financial summary spreadsheet for June 2013:
![](HacDC_Financials_2013_06.pdf "HacDC_Financials_2013_06.pdf"). We
regained Nick Mapsy as a member. Andy Walker, Eric Miller, and TJ
Johnson left. Five people (members and non-members) made non-dues
donations.

#### Project Awesome

We had a surplus so I am able to declare a \$250 Project Awesome
dividend and add \$113.49 to our reserves. Here is the Project Awesome
spreadsheet for June:
![](HacDC_PA_Projects-2013_06.pdf "HacDC_PA_Projects-2013_06.pdf").
There are currently 15 votes.

### Secretary's Report

Nothing to report.

### Director-at-Large Reports

#### [Shawn Nock](User:Nocko)

#### Reuven

## [Project Awesome](:Category:Project_Awesome) Reports

### Project LASER

Dan: Showed proof that the laser has cut something.. test pattern on
plexiglas. All seems to work. Needs to be be placed in a cabinet. Will
be working most evenings this week at the space setting things up. **Do
not use the laser without being cleared by Dan for saftey!**

### Project BYZANTIUM

Some updates, including adding Groundstation (software). Organizing
repositories. Starting 4th milestone.. lots to do, heading towards a
beta quality release.

### Project KITBUILD

\[Alberto:\] Tim S has been reimbursed \[treasurer@, please
confirm/deny?\] for soldering irons and other Project Kitbuild supplies
he had ordered. The first Kitbuild will take place next week, July 16,
at the 1st of 4 sessions of HacDC Summer School 2013. The boxes with the
soldering goodies have been taking up valuable space in the shop for a
few weeks. I have been unable to get to the space to do anything and
apologize for that clutter. I'm recruiting helpers to move it out of
there to a better storage location and would appreciate guidance on
where best to store the stuff.

Discussion: things are ok where they are for now.. we need to get rid of
more stuff in general around the space.

### Project SUPPLIES

No expenditures this month. Ongoing equipment setup and cleanup has been
a priority. Also, we have many semi-sorted components (resistors and
similar) taking up several boxes. Consolidating these into a mini-rack
would be useful and save space.

### Project SPACECAM

## Member Reports

### mirage335

#### Imagnus

-   NDA will be narrowly limited in scope, and not apply to HacDC
    members who do not sign.
-   So far, we have informally agreed to a mockup CAD model within about
    a week, and a complete technology demonstration in about a month.
    These goals are easily feasible.

### alberto

For the next four Tuesdays, we will host workshops (publicized as *HacDC
Summer School 2013*) providing an introduction to physical computing
with Arduino, Danger Shield, and Processing. As noted above, the first
of these will be a kitbuild for the Danger Shield. The class filled up
instantly and I increased seats from the original 10 to 16.

I'm sure we could bring a lot of new people into the space with similar
offerings. It may be a good idea to try to design a series with a big
arc so that folks stay engaged on a broad topic but can get value from
attending just one workshop. One addition which would dovetail nicely as
a run-up to these 4 sessions would be an Intro to Electronics, and a
series which might fit nicely as a follow up would be one on AVR
programming. I want to thank Katie, Martin, Phil, Shawn and Chris for
offering to help out, especially during the first one.

### David Mc

Starting planning for 3DP build run.
[3DP_Build_Run_2013.07](3DP_Build_Run_2013.07) Would like to
go with Kossel Pro, but Kossel Mini seems more likely.

### Dan Barlow

Thanks to Chas, Martin, and TC for helping with wrestling the optical
table into the basement. New shelves and cabinet were donated.

### Hax

'Data center' issues with overheating and lack of ventilation. Working
on plan for updating and organizing the hardware there.

## Old Business

## New Business

### Dehumidifier

Several have expressed desire for a dehumidifier in the basement. Has
been talked about on the member's list. Discussion is leaning towards
buying a AC/dehumid unit from Sears as per Dan B.'s suggestion.

-   Ben proposed allowing a \$500 expenditure by Katie for a unit picked
    out by Dan B.

    :   Approved by member vote.

## New Members

-   Greg Toth (visiting) - [DC Internet of Things
    (Meetup)](http://www.meetup.com/Internet-of-Things-DC) dropped by to
    invite members to join

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Jason Fox -video with robotic garden and Mendel Max under
    construction.

    :   Nominated and voted in as a new member.
-   David Pietrocola - heavily into robotics, teaching, and assistive
    technologies.

    :   Nominated and voted in as new member.
-   Chris Danicic - metal working, starting electronics

    :   Nominated and voted in as new member.

## Adjournment

Adjourned at 2045.

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
