`{{TOCright}}`{=mediawiki}

## Time and Location {#time_and_location}

:   July 8, 2014
:   Called to order at \_8PM\_ by \_Dan Barlow\_
:   Members present: 12
:   Others present: 1

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```

:   [Quorum](Quorum)?

    :   Quorum met? No.

## Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes {#approval_of_previous_meetings_minutes}

[Regular Member Meeting 2014 05
13](Regular_Member_Meeting_2014_05_13)

[Regular Member Meeting 2014 04
08](Regular_Member_Meeting_2014_04_08)

## Recognition

-   Martin, for roof expedition and photographic inspection of roof
    antenna condition.
-   Julia Longtin (aka. juri) and Shawn Wilson (aka. AG4VE) for
    continued work assembling and commissioning our new 3D printers.
-   Dan Barlow, Tommy Johnson, and anyone else involved in bringing us
    an engine hoist for deploying the optical table.
-   Zach, for fixing the large TV.
-   Lee & Martin for Field Day planning and antenna raising.

## Director Reports {#director_reports}

### President's Report {#presidents_report}

Tommy Johnson would like his engine hoist returned as soon as possible.

### Vice President's Report {#vice_presidents_report}

None.

### Treasurer's Report {#treasurers_report}

Here is the financial summary spreadsheet for June 2014:
![](HacDC_Financials_2014_06.pdf "HacDC_Financials_2014_06.pdf"). We did
not gain any new members. In May we lost three members: Ann Millspaugh,
Griffin Boyce, and Sharad Satsangi. In June we lost Ken Kenworthy and
Kasia Whiteis. We have 42 dues-paying members in good standing, 8
dues-waived members, and 4 members who are behind on dues.

#### Project Awesome {#project_awesome}

Here is the Project Awesome spreadsheet for June:
![](HacDC_PA_Projects-2014_06.pdf "HacDC_PA_Projects-2014_06.pdf"). We
continue to have to dip into savings to pay our rent, so no dividend
this month. :(

### Secretary's Report {#secretarys_report}

HOPE X is coming up. I have a spare bed in my room if you need a place
to crash.

We have mesh radios on the roof that might actually be able to connect
to things!

Toast is going to come pick up the unused arcade machine.

### Director-at-Large Reports {#director_at_large_reports}

## [Project Awesome](:Category:Project_Awesome) Reports {#project_awesome_reports}

### Project LASER {#project_laser}

Dan cleaned the laser again, printing much better but not perfect. Don't
cut particle board!

### Project BYZANTIUM {#project_byzantium}

The ISC published an article recognizing the work we did last year for
the grant.

We are working with HARC to mesh-connect the space.

We spent some money on HARC/Byzantium-related equipment for the mesh
radios on the roof. Like outdoor-rated Cat 5E STP and connectors. We
plan to expense these purchases with PA funds and the remaining grant
money.

### Project KITBUILD {#project_kitbuild}

None.

### Project SUPPLIES {#project_supplies}

Lack of new funds comming in is starting to become mildly worrisome.
This month's expenses include:

-   End mills.
-   Labeling tape.
-   Magenta ink.
-   PLA cartridges.

### Project EXPANSION {#project_expansion}

Considering a chop saw instead of a band saw. Still need to get research
done and validated.

### Project SPACECAM {#project_spacecam}

## Member Reports {#member_reports}

### mirage335

Have been extremely busy with tasks hoped to become profitable soon.

Photolithography fab has been scaled up even further to larger
high-resolution board. Plans, talent, and supplies have been mobilized
towards a simple, automatic PCB fab workstation, with throughput in the
range of about a dozen of boards per hour, with full multilayer
capability.

## Old Business {#old_business}

SEM work is in progress.

## New Business {#new_business}

Presidential Suggestion: We have specific projects which get stuff done
and we get recognition for. HARC is one such project. It's worth
spending a small amount of space to setup a permanent HARC table in the
classroom. We are not wasting space, we are spending it wisely on a
project that we value.

HARC agrees to not exceed the footprint of the desk that Lee has
procured. Vertical growth only, to the limit of 2' from the roof (as
required by Fire Marshal.)

## New Members {#new_members}

We voted in Ed O'Brien as a new member.

## Adjournment

Adjourned at \_9:26\_ by \_Dan\_

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
