`{{TOCright}}`{=mediawiki}

## Time and Location {#time_and_location}

:   Date
:   Called to order at 7:45pm pm by Tom
:   Members present: Tom, Matt Z, Andrew R, Xavier B, Kevin C, Enrqiue
    C., Ken K., Michael C.
:   Members remote: mirage, juri
:   Others present: Sanjay, Chrystal, Kevin, Nancy
:   [Quorum](Quorum)

    :   Quorum met? Yes

## Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes {#approval_of_previous_meetings_minutes}

February and March meeting minutes approved.

## Recognition

-   Andrew: brought & installed an awesome sound system and brought 40
    cores worth of servers.
-   Tom: Set up a print server (2D) with a Raspberry Pi, you can now
    print to raspberry.local I think.
-   Kevin: fixed (unjammed) Nicks' Ultimaker and the Mini again.

## New Members {#new_members}

Sanjay voted in as new member.

## Old Business {#old_business}

-   Ken's proposal that members confide in and authorize the Board to
    seek legal counsel and other administrative support to explore
    financial opportunities in grant sponsorship: HacDC would provide
    oversight of entities who don't qualify for non-profit grants
    effecting work using non-profit grants; HacDC would apply/get the
    grant and sub-contract work to the business who can do the work.
    Classes, for example. **Proposal PASSED by 6 in favor, 1 opposed, 1
    abstain.**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Bylaws amendment proposal: Change the threshold for future bylaws
    amendments from "more than three quarters (3/4ths) of voting
    members," to "more than three quarters (3/4ths) of member votes cast
    90 days from the proposal approval date," and from "Notice of such
    petition must be submitted electronically to all members," to
    "Notice of such a petition must be submitted to all members
    electronically and, where electronic means produce no response, all
    other available means." (from October) **Proposal PASSED by 8 in
    favor.**

## New Business {#new_business}

-   We have a lot of non-free (paid) events on our MeetUp schedule now -
    2 or 3 a week. They are software education events, which are in-line
    with our educational mission and which we've had people express
    interest in before to no avail. They are nominally run by High
    School Tech Services, a non-profit organization, not a business. But
    are they open to people who can't afford to pay? Are they open to
    HacDC members who pay rent and insurance for the classroom, the
    MeetUp fees, etc? Does HSTS have a current 501c3 non-profit status
    and insurance? Is HSTS deriving any net revenue from these events,
    and will it be shared with HacDC to offset costs, lower membership
    fees, etc? Our previous (expired) MOU with HSTS covered 9am-5pm on
    weekdays, which generally doesn't overlap with other members'
    events, but the new events are on weeknights and our weeknight
    schedule is now regularly full Monday thru Thursday with two free
    and two non-free events. Do current rules prevent members from
    charging for events, or from asking people who haven't paid to leave
    an event at HacDC? Should HacDC create some rules for paid events,
    or limit the number of events so some weeknights are open?

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   I am writing to propose the following:

As you may know, Google offers up to \$10k monthly Ad Grant to eligible
non-profit organizations. We can use that grant to get more donations,
more community recognition, more traffic to our site, etc. The below
link provides more info: <https://www.google.com/grants/> There is no
fee for application or enrollment. We just need to apply and see if we
can get approved. I suggest using Google Ad credit to market our
programming classes at HacDC. Specifically, we can use that credit to
get more students in our classes and eventually generate more revenue
for HacDC. My non-profit or High School Technology Services (myhsts.org)
was partnered with HacDC on organizing coding classes few months ago, so
I propose extending the initial MOU between HacDC and HSTS by including
Google Ad Grant clause to it under the same revenue sharing and use of
space as we agreed before. I like to present my proposal at the next
week member meeting and get our members to vote on it. In the meantime,
I would love to discuss your questions. **Proposal PASSED by 1 opposed,
8 in favor.**

## [Project Awesome](:Category:Project_Awesome) Reports {#project_awesome_reports}

### Project SUPPLIES {#project_supplies}

Nothing to report.

### Project EXPANSION {#project_expansion}

Nothing to report.

### Project HAMRADIO {#project_hamradio}

### Project Electron Microscope (SEM) {#project_electron_microscope_sem}

-   Nothing to report. We should schedule one night if only to check the
    vacuum pressure. It would be nice if someone else who's done this
    before was around (Dan, Hunter). But few people seem eager to get
    involved and I don't have much time to invest in this myself, so
    expect little progress on the SEM. -Enrique

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   I'll start taking this on during Microcontroller Mondays, but again,
    expect little progress, and lots of training other people -Julia

### Project Optical Table Robot (OTR) {#project_optical_table_robot_otr}

No progress this month. I (julia) have been out sick a lot, and working
on increasing our 3D printer count from 3 to 4.

### Project CRISPR {#project_crispr}

-   Nothing to report; trying to schedule the next meeting. Maybe next
    week (it takes 2 consecutive nights to do it). The plan is to
    compare two different bacteria strains (do the CRISPR process twice
    in parallel) use freshly-made plates and check for ambient
    contamination (other species). We do have a water bath now that
    should make things much easier.

### Project SpaceBlimp {#project_spaceblimp}

-   Nothing to report. Not sure if the jet stream is in the right
    position yet but nobody has resumed any discussion of Spaceblimp 7.
    I have a 'science payload' idea and parts but don't really have time
    to take the project lead. -Enrique

## Member Reports {#member_reports}

-   Enrique: Went to a Metasploit workshop from the Beltway Hackers
    MeetUp group and am convincing them to host a similar free hands-on
    workshop at HacDC. Probably into May. Let me know if you'd like to
    stay informed and look forward to the announcement. The March for
    Science organizers are being rather unresponsive to offers for
    assistance; two "we'll get back to you," replies so far.
    Nevertheless I'll be here Friday 21st and the HAM club is looking to
    contact them to assist with communications also to little avail.

## Director Reports {#director_reports}

### President's Report {#presidents_report}

Sick. Broken. Getting better!

the rostock is a few meetings from working. it's all wired correctly,
and has a broken repetier firmware on it.

the taz's removable bed system is OK (not great), as soon as i get the
autoleveling on the taz, and the rostock back in order, i'll be focusing
MicrocontrollerMonday on the SEM, and 3DThursday on the OTR.

bobby's radio shack boxes are done, and being printed as printer time is
available.

### Vice President's Report {#vice_presidents_report}

I've had some moderately busy days at PC Rebuilds/Hardware \[Des\]pair.
Still needs a better name. Sad Sundays?

`    to be filled`

### Treasurer's Report {#treasurers_report}

-   Funding is stable; we have over six months of reserves and total
    balances around \$12k. I'd love to upload files to this someday...
-   Paid March rent late and April rent early (eh, works out, right?),
    so we're \$1,021 in the red for March and will have a big 'surplus'
    in April.
-   We have 30 members in good standing after just suspending two for
    three months of non-payment.
-   We have 21 members paying the regular \$60 rate. (\$1260)
-   We have 7 members paying the old \$50 rate, who I haven't seen
    around in years, so... thank you. (\$350)
-   We have 1 dues-waived member and 1 student-rate member. (\$20)
-   Theoretical income is \$1,630/mo but there's usually someone who
    just stops paying (without resigning).
-   Theoretically we could try to recover \$180 worth of dues each from
    a handful of people, or not bother. (?)
-   Paid Tom \$33 for key copies - no other unusual expenses in March or
    February (just Rent, Insurance, Transaction Fees).
-   Filed taxes with IRS (990N postcard).
-   Registered as business with DC to file tax returns there, haven't
    actually filed yet.
-   Totally missed the CFC deadline (Feb??). We got \$550 last year but
    there's a hefty application fee - was it waived last year?
-   Help wanted: To re-establish contact with Newark element 14 for
    sponsorship (got \$600 of free parts last year, now emails bounce).
-   Help wanted: Need to calculate individual project balances (HAM
    Radio, SEM, OTR, CRISPR, SUPPLIES etc) from overall PA dividend.
-   Help wanted: Our Dwolla button is broken, so we are paying a few
    bucks a month more PayPal fees.

### Secretary's Report {#secretarys_report}

### Director-at-Large Reports {#director_at_large_reports}

#### Kevin

#### Matt

Still busy preparing some interesting things for the world.

## Adjournment

Adjourned by at xxx by xxx

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
