## Time and Location

January 8, 2013

Meeting called to order at 19:36 by Eric

Members Present: Eric, Tim, Timothy, Chris, Alberto, Jamie, David,
Martin, Dan, David, Tim Slagle, Andy, Liz, Nadir, Philip, Joseph Others
Present: TJ

[Quorum](Quorum) met? Yes

## Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes

[Regular Member Meeting 2012 12
11](Regular_Member_Meeting_2012_12_11) Approved.

## Recognition

Matt Hines - Occupancy sensor getting better. Will be hooked up to
twitter. Web cams exist and may be hooked up. There will be a switch to
turn them on and off so as not to be creepy.

## Director Reports

### President's Report

Planning activities for the year

BOD meeting planned. Everyone may join. Standing rules will be
discussed. 15 people limit joining online.

Working on non-discrimination policy and anti-harassment policy. Will
distribute to list for edits.

Looking at other hack spaces to copy their ideas. Will report back on
cool stuff.

Annual meeting is postponed to March to make room for rules and policy
changes.

\^\^ the above will also be announced on the members list.

Ivy invited us to run a table at shmoo con. Security conference.
Security capture the flag. Will bring stickers and brochures. Mentioned
that we do more maker stuff. Our choice, but will be a bunch of geeks
there, so whatever we do will be interesting, but may not be relevant.
Will not hand out all our stickers. Also lobby con, no ticket required
-- just hang out outside the conference and talk to everyone.

### Vice President's Report

Ben is not here.

### Treasurer's Report

Here is the financial summary spreadsheet for December 2012:
![](HacDC_Financials_2012_12.pdf "HacDC_Financials_2012_12.pdf"). We
gained two new members (Paul Commons and Christine Prefontaine), and
lost two (Daniel Watson and Greg Rice). We had 53 paying members and 4
non-paying members (two are in transition between payment methods). This
leaves us below the 57 we need to meet expenses with dues alone again.
Members kicking in extra are keeping us positive again this month -
thanks!

We had some extra expenses (\$100 guard tip and \$120 for a year of
Clear internet service) so we finished slightly negative (-\$12) on
regular expenses compared to dues and non-earmarked donations.

Quorum remains at 14.

#### Project Awesome

Since we were net negative in regular income and expenses, there is no
Project Awesome dividend for December. However there were a large amount
of earmarked donations for Project LASER - thanks everyone! Here is the
Project Awesome spreadsheet for December:
![](HacDC_PA_Projects-2012_12.pdf "HacDC_PA_Projects-2012_12.pdf").

### Secretary's Report

### Director-at-Large Reports

#### Martin

FCC radio certification. Could do a cram course and then promote that
outside of hacdc to get more attention.

#### Andy

Nothing to report. No excuses. Not nerding out.

Cutting clear acrylic with a student and got hit with laser in eye.
Guide laser. Freak accident, what. Spent 5 hrs in ER, sucked.

## [Project Awesome](:Category:Project_Awesome) Reports

### Project LASER

We received a total of almost \$1900 in donations earmarked for Project
LASER in December! That brings the total to \$4459, which is enough to
buy the Full Spectrum Engineering "newhobby" laser. More funding will be
needed for the cooling pump, protective eyewear, and venting hardware
however.

I continue to read (on CNCzone.com) some stories of shabby treatment of
customers by FSLaser - not honoring warranties, not paying for shipping
on defective parts, lasers arriving pretty trashed from China, etc. So I
want to do a full search of alternatives before pulling the trigger. If
we are able to afford a 60W from somewhere else I think I'd go for that
instead - the 40W FSlaser needs multiple passes to cut 1/4" materials.
--TMS

### Project BYZANTIUM

Not much. Code sprint guy from the neighborhood who work with Sean came
in and got him working with that, and that's about it.

### Project KITBUILD

No action unfortunately. Being realistic, I probably won't have time to
put a workshop together until the end of February. If someone else wants
to do one they could use my collection of soldering irons and tools.
--TMS

## Member Reports

### Tim Slagle

I'm hoping to set up info@hacdc.org as our inbox for help and
information requests. Google Groups has a collaborative inbox feature we
will use to try and track the requests to make sure stuff isn't getting
lost in the cracks.

I'm putting together a "Stuff and Space" committee to help write
Standing Rules on how we manage and disposition our stuff, and allocate
space. We have myself, Martin, DanB, and are waiting to hear from David
Whiteis. With luck we will have something to vote on at the annual
meeting.

### Chris

Sound abatement panels completed. Do not squish them please. Will make
it so the work area does not get so loud. If you have extra whiteboards,
cork boards, plastic bins, etc, we would like these. Dry erase crayons
are awesome. Dry-erase friendly paint? Board stuff is cheaper than
paint. Other options discussed. Plexiglass. Glass also works. Diamonds.
Gold. Terapin trader run anyone?

More free stuff = less buying of things. Contact Eric before bringing
things in. This is a good time of year to get free stuff from dumpsters.
We do not need more printers.

### Alberto

Proposes repeating the Arduino processing class. Duplicate of Artosphere
class from May. Crash course intro to electronics. Arduino, processing,
then arduino processing. Supplanted by a kit build from sparkfun.
Willing to teach that one. Three organizations from which to leverage
attendees.

### Andy

Learning software for dance music. If you are interested in electronic
music with digital audio workstations, let's chat.

### Matt

Working on occupancy sensor, basement salvage, frequency mixer.

## Old Business

## New Business

## New Members

TJ - Moved done a year ago. Used to do embedded design. Builds CNC
machines. 3D printers. Aviation electronics. In between projects.
Licensed pilot.

Eric nominates Alberto seconds. Voted? Accepted

## Adjournment

Adjourned at: 8:42.

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
