## Time and Location

June 12, 2012

Meeting called to order at 19:55 by:

Members Present: haxwithaxe, bradford, ben (the pyrate), martin, tim s,
alli, bionick, katie, andy ta, jon, richard, danny, adam, phill, rich

Others Present: dan

[Quorum](Quorum) met? yes

## Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes

[Regular Member Meeting 2012 05
08](Regular_Member_Meeting_2012_05_08) \*approved\*

## Director Reports

### President's Report

teaching a class for kcdc. thursdays.

### Vice President's Report

carolinacon == awsome videos on blip.tv/carolinacon mountpleasant mesh
stuff: antenna mast + router installed not close enough to get a signal
HOPE9, byzantium release planned all's well

### Treasurer's Report

Here is the financial summary spreadsheet for May 2012:
![](HacDC_Financials_May_2012.pdf "HacDC_Financials_May_2012.pdf")

The Church didn't deposit our rent check again by the end of May so our
bank balance is high on the spreadsheet. It was finally cashed in June.

Rent issue aside, we finished May with a surplus of \$1100! We got a
\$500 donation from WPA for the joint Arduino/Processing class Brad,
Alberto, and I did. We also got \$200 from the family we helped do a
SpaceBlimp-like science fair project (also got a large chocolate bar!)

We added three member subscriptions in May (Alli R, Hana Kim, and Robert
Hines), had three non-paying members, and lost three members (Emily
Dunne, Maxwell Whitaker, and Stephen Nichols). Quorum remains at 15.

We now have three people paying dues using Dwolla, and it seems to work
fine. We save \$1.15 per dues payment through Dwolla, and I encourage
anyone who hates PayPal or would like to save us some money to sign up!
You just need to enter info for a bank account like on PayPal, and it
takes about a week to get verified. Our Dwolla Hub page is at:
<https://www.dwolla.com/hub/hacdc> and you can set up a regular monthly
payment there. I will work on getting payment buttons on the HacDC web
page. Let me (TimS) know if I can answer questions or help you sign up.

### Secretary's Report

### Director-at-Large Reports

#### Martin

#### Nick

wikimainia 12-15 \@GWU

## Member Reports

### ITechGeek

It has been suggested to connect the occupancy sensor to the phone line
so people can call and check that status. As far as I can figure, the
best solution is twilio. I've checked with Haxwithaxe and we can make a
connection between the occupancy sensor he is building and the XML
driven interface of twilio.

First off, explanation of the services involved and costs: voip.ms -
voip service that costs 1.05 cents per min.  Has a lot of other features
as well.

Twilio (twilio.com)- a service with a text to speech engine along with
other features and is XML driven.  Costs 1 cent/min inbound, 2 cents/min
outbound, and 2 cents for in and out SMS which we might be able to find
a use for.

Both services cost \$1/mo per phone number.

I'm building a twilio XML system that when people call they have an
interactive menu that: 1) Address 2) Checks the status of the occupancy
sensor (which Chris is currently rebuilding). 8) leave a voicemail which
the link for the message will be emailed to the members list. 9) Ring
the space (when this option is being used we will be charged inbound
twilio, outbound twilio, inbound VoIP.ms, or \$0.04/min)

Because twilio is XML driven, we can add as much or as little to the
automated menu including dynamic information being pulled from online.

For example the spaceblimp where people could call a number to track it,
I believe that was twilio driven.

This way people don't have to actually contact someone in the space to
call and find out if the space is open.

Tim S will have the number to provide a demo during the meeting. Note
the option 9 currently rings to me and option 8 sends the notice to my
email.

### Alli

Members of Announce mailing list: 515

Facebook group members: 337

Twitter followers: 1368 (We passed 1337 earlier this month!)

### Tim Slagle

I am working on writing Standing Rules to guide our day-to-day doings. I
am fleshing out an outline now. I'll send it out for comments when a
draft is ready. Let me know if you are especially interested.

We recorded BradB's first Introduction to Programming class, I need to
cat the files together and will post them on our YouTube channel
(HacDCvideos). Knowledge Commons DC also recorded it with better gear,
we will cross-promote.

### katie

lightning talks went well. 8 speakers. video exists and will be posted
at some point.

NEW AND IMPROVED! hacdc hackerpassport stamp.

adacamp: supporting women in opensource. <http://dc.adacamp.org>

## Old Business

## New Business

## New Members

dan k: works at adobe, gearhead, autorepair, etc. approved unanimously.

## Adjournment

Adjourned at: 20:33

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
