`{{TOCright}}`{=mediawiki}

## Time and Location {#time_and_location}

:   Date November 16th, 2021
:   Called to order at 7:35p pm by Tayeb
:   Members present: Tayeb\*, Matt\*, Kevin, Oby, Ken, Michelle\*,
    Gabe\*, Tristan
:   Members remote: Mario, Daniel
:   Others present:

Board present: (\*)

:   [Quorum](Quorum)

    :   Quorum met? Yes

## Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes {#approval_of_previous_meetings_minutes}

## Recognition

Tristan - for being an awesome instructor

## New Members {#new_members}

Mario, Daniel :)

## Old Business {#old_business}

Rocketry. Hobbyist -- Tristan looking for partners in rocketry. Blabber
is decent resource for this. Courses. Free CAD -- Tristan interested in
setting this up for every other Wednesdays. Courses. Microfabrication --
Ethan may (re-join and) offer course around microfabrication every other
Mondays we don't have Project Night. Event. Capture the Flag --
continuing these in some form bi-weekly - we are trying to find a new
time that works for everyone. Also, could use some instructors/leaders -
Tayeb will send out email to prospectives. Possibly works best from home
with own setup. Workspace. Tours, in-person -- Tayeb (or one of existing
members) should reach out to Josh (+1) and Sara to give tours. Someone
should reach out to them to see if they want tours/keys. Workspace.
Covid -- masks required when inside the building shared space; DC and
the church policy set the rules. Membership. Annual Membership Survey --
Michelle has results / exec summary for November's MMM.

## New Business {#new_business}

New Workspace Oversight Person - Rev. Rondesia Jarrett-Schell; wants to
know who is using the roof and when/how they need to use it; no rent
increase thus far; they are trying a leak in the basement and want us to
de-clutter the basement so they can get that fixed. Par Cycleworks -
Kevin spoke with Sanjai and Maurice; Kevin in process of setting up
first session DIY microphone project (by Robert Phelps) - hybrid
at-home/at-HACDC project; machining appears to involve only filing and
drilling (although soldering with optional kitchen blow torch used to
weld copper ring; might be able to find copper ring already joined/one
piece so necessary grounding still takes place); \$30 in parts to make
\$900-quality comparable model; gauge interest
([video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LoQu3XXIayc)); carryover to
next month Lathe machine (loaner) - Tristan to borrow \~1 month to
prevent from going back and forth to space Annual Survey (by Michelle) -
major insights: lots of people looking to connect/volunteer socially and
professionally for HacDC; need to schedule board meeting for the
insights into the survey alone Coinbase Hack - why oh why, Coinbase? was
always "fun money", now is "gone money"

## [Project Awesome](:Category:Project_Awesome) Reports {#project_awesome_reports}

### Project SUPPLIES - ??? {#project_supplies__}

### Project EXPANSION - ??? {#project_expansion__}

### Project HAMRADIO - ??? {#project_hamradio__}

### Project Electron Microscope (SEM) - ??? {#project_electron_microscope_sem__}

### Project Media Outreach - ??? {#project_media_outreach__}

### Project IT Infrastructure - ??? {#project_it_infrastructure__}

## Member Reports {#member_reports}

## Director Reports (Governance related stuff) {#director_reports_governance_related_stuff}

### President's Report {#presidents_report}

### Vice President's Report {#vice_presidents_report}

### Treasurer's Report {#treasurers_report}

### Secretary's Report {#secretarys_report}

### Director-at-Large Reports {#director_at_large_reports}

#### ???

#### ??? {#section_1}

## Adjournment

Adjourned by at 8:35pm by Tayeb

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
