`{{TOCright}}`{=mediawiki}

## Time and Location {#time_and_location}

:   Date: February 14, 2017
:   Called to order at 2005 pm by Tom
:   Members present: Enrique Tom Ken Andrew Bobby
:   Members remote: juri\_
:   Others present: James Nancy Derrick
:   [Quorum](Quorum)

    :   Quorum met? no

## Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes {#approval_of_previous_meetings_minutes}

<http://wiki.hacdc.org/index.php/Regular_Member_Meeting_2017_01_10>

## Recognition

-   We had an annual meeting, so welcome to our two new board members:
    Ben and Kevin.
-   Ben put up some more classroom decor.
-   Julia (et al?) got the Lulzbot printing rubber parts.

`    local hosts are addressable by DNS.`

## New Members {#new_members}

`   James was voted in as a member with unanimous assent.`

## Old Business {#old_business}

-   Bylaws amendment proposal (unless it was already voted on?): Change
    the threshold for future bylaws amendments from "more than three
    quarters (3/4ths) of voting members," to "more than three quarters
    (3/4ths) *of member votes cast* 90 days from the proposal approval
    date," and from "Notice of such petition must be submitted
    electronically to all members," to "Notice of such a petition must
    be submitted to all members electronically and, *where electronic
    means produce no response, all other available means.*"
    (Explanation: We are dangerously close to having 1/4th of members
    not respond aye/nay and making amendments impossible) - Enrique

## New Business {#new_business}

-   There's been some discussion of changing or frequently rotating door
    key-codes since the church was robbed last week; we would prefer
    some kind of RFID thing... discussions ongoing I guess.

`   Rockville Science fair is April 23rd and HacDC could have an exhibit. Space is free if we want a table.`\
`   Ken proposes we look into more fundraising such as through fiscal sponsorship arrangements ...?`

## [Project Awesome](:Category:Project_Awesome) Reports {#project_awesome_reports}

### Project SUPPLIES {#project_supplies}

### Project EXPANSION {#project_expansion}

### Project HAMRADIO {#project_hamradio}

### Project Electron Microscope (SEM) {#project_electron_microscope_sem}

-   Ethan left, so for now Enrique is POC for Project SEM. This is...
    ok, I guess.
-   We received the new vacuum gauge; it did not include the power
    adatper. It's a simple part: DC power supply 2W between 9 and 30V
    connected to an HD15 (VGA) conncetor. It's an easy job but saying
    that doens't make it more completed. Help wanted.

### Project Optical Table Robot (OTR) {#project_optical_table_robot_otr}

`the belts and gears for the optical table robot are in, and being mounted. the mini now prints rubber(thanks kevin!), and a prototype box for fitting in the radio shack bins has been printed by bobby and myself. with tom's help, i have christened a 32 core machine with 256GB of ram, for large CPU jobs.`

### Project CRISPR {#project_crispr}

We repeated the experiment last week with new materials, unfortunately
with mixed results, i.e. the CRISPR sample worked, but the control also
worked. So there may be a problem with the Strep-Kan plates or new
bacteria strain L21. I suppose it should be done again with both L21 and
HME63 strains but maybe someone other than me should go through it this
time. I think the next meeting will be Thursday night around 8. It's not
on MeetUp because we obviously aren't getting it right. - Enrique

### Project SpaceBlimp {#project_spaceblimp}

-   Ethan left, so for now Enrique is POC for Spaceblimp but volunteers
    wanted.
-   Dirk & Sam finished the video!
-   <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JhjD4Q3JfMM>

## Member Reports {#member_reports}

-   Enrique: (1) March for Science is April 22 - I expect I'll go and
    I'm thinking of what signs and message would be good to promote.
    There are DIY instructions for LED-lit signs for example. I think
    HacDC might want to get more involved in the non-partisan parts of
    this event, just to start brainstorming. (2) Our best projector has
    gone 'missing.' Our second-best is mediocre in the contrast
    department and VGA-only. It would be nice to have good modern
    projector for presentations in the auditorium. (3) After the
    meeting, we'll go through encrypted messaging, encrypted voice calls
    with Signal and encrypting email with PGP, for whoever wants to
    stick around.

## Director Reports {#director_reports}

### President's Report {#presidents_report}

### Vice President's Report {#vice_presidents_report}

### Treasurer's Report {#treasurers_report}

-   Our income for January came 100% from membership dues. It was
    \$1,330 from 30 members - 21 regular, 7 grandfathered in at \$50/mo
    who never come around, 1 student member and 1 dues-waived member.
    Besides the usual rent, insurance and PayPal fees, we had two extra
    expenses in January: our vacuum gauge order finally went through
    (\$611 from Project SEM) and a reimbursement to Mirage for 3D
    printer parts (\$308 from Project Supplies). Rent rises from 993 to
    1043 in February. Balances add up to \$12,442.

### Secretary's Report {#secretarys_report}

### Director-at-Large Reports {#director_at_large_reports}

#### Kevin

#### Matt

## Adjournment

Adjourned by at 2115 by Tom + SPQR

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
