`{{TOCright}}`{=mediawiki}

## Time and Location

:   Date
:   Called to order at 1942 pm by Karen
:   Members present: Karen Tom Tayeb Enrique Ken Kevin Bobby
:   Members remote: Juri Mirage
:   Others present: Aiden Diego
:   [Quorum](Quorum)

    :   Quorum met?

`   yes`

## Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes

`   Approved`

## Recognition

`   Many HacDC members helped out for a successful showing at USASEF.`\
`   Avi helped us have a great lockpicking station.`

## New Members

`   Diego -- voted unanimously`

## Old Business

Enrique would like to be reimbursed for the CFC application fee, which
was \$340.00 on 1/31/18.
[Media:CFC_App_Payment_2018.png](Media:CFC_App_Payment_2018.png)

## New Business

## [Project Awesome](:Category:Project_Awesome) Reports

### Project SUPPLIES - Mirage

An old receipt Bobby gave me has not been located. May have been
misplaced by me, or submitted and not yet reimbursed. Perhaps we should
just vote to reimburse Bobby from SUPPLIES as a general expense?

### Project EXPANSION - Mirage

Nothing to report.

### Project HAMRADIO - Jeff

### Project Electron Microscope (SEM) - Julia

### Project Optical Table Robot (OTR) - Julia

### Project CRISPR -Enrique

Made an interesting contact at USASEF, Capital Area BioSpace, a
burgeoning bio-space in DC currently with no physical space. We may hold
some event at HacDC in the future and discuss collaborations.

### Project SpaceBlimp -Enrique

Had a booth at USASEF staffed mainly by volunteers and members of
Unallocated Space and Rockville RSC Makerspace. There's a prep meeting
tonight at Rockville RSC and probably another integration meeting on
Friday night as usual, as we're planning to launch Saturday morning.
Still deciding on important details like best launch location and
whether to pre-position recovery teams. The jet stream is pretty strong
last I checked so the track was very long and fast - hard for the launch
team to chase. Avi is also making progress on the website,
spaceblimp.org.

### Project Media Outreach - Matt

### Project IT Infrastructure - Tom

Still looking for problems to throw money at.

## Member Reports

### mirage335

*moved to another location*

## Director Reports (Governance related stuff)

*(see BOD meeting minutes)*

### President's Report

### Vice President's Report

### Treasurer's Report

### Secretary's Report

### Director-at-Large Reports

#### Kevin

#### Ken

## Adjournment

Adjourned by at xxx by xxx

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
