```{=mediawiki}
{{Floating TOC}}
```
## Time & Location

December 9, 2008\
Members Present: [Nick](User:Nickfarr),
[Nate](User:Myself), Member 28,
[Eoin](User:Celtikill), Martin,
[Katie](User:katie), Elliot, Tim C., Anonymous Member\
Others Present: Sean (prospective new member)\
[Quorum](Quorum): Yes\
19:40ish to 20:20\
HacDC, 1525 Newton St NW, Washington, DC. (Space)\
Presiding: Elliot\

## Draft minutes of the last meeting

[Regular Member Meeting Minutes 2008 12
02](Regular_Member_Meeting_Minutes_2008_12_02) were reviewed
and unanimously ratified.

## The Consent Agenda

(no items)

## Minister Reports

[Coordinator in Chief](Coordinator_in_Chief): Nothing to
report.

[Minister of Finance](Minister_of_Finance): "We have money."

[Minister of Information](Minister_of_Information): Nothing
to report.

[Keeper of the MIBS](Keeper_of_the_MIBS): Not Present.

## Member Reports

[Nate](User:Myself) reported that it's awesome to be back in
town. Anonymous Member reported on the status of [Project Red
Phone](Project_Red_Phone), which is coming along; a class or
[seminar](Tuesday_Seminar_Series) on
[Asterisk](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Asterisk_(PBX)) will be held at
some point in the next few months.

## Old Business

### [Workshop Configuration](Workshop_Configuration)

[Nate](User:Myself) reports there's no power or light right
now, but it's getting cleaned up; we will be adding outlets and
shelving. Member 28 suggests a small area near the door be a donations
pile / input buffer; general consensus that people bringing stuff and it
not being dealt with is a continuing problem for us, and we want to
avoid this.

We have two dust extractors that should go in the workshop. Noise
dampening may be something we want to look into—the welding blanket and
stuff stored on the shelves may dampen somewhat; general consensus that
safety equipment will be a high priority. Member 28 suggests that in
addition to painting we should wrap using 10 mil sheeting.

Water is entering the space, and we'll want to figure out exactly how
and control that.

An air conditioner would help control the humidity and make it
comfortable in the summer.

We can expect to be looking at shelving by this weekend.

### [Main Space Reconfiguration](Main_Space_Reconfiguration)

[Nick](User:Nickfarr) says we'll turn the loft into a
workbench with shelving that goes up to the ceiling;
[Nate](User:Myself) will take the lead on this.

Member 28 has an alternate proposal: we've been making horizontal piles
and failing to use the vertical space in each level of the loft, so we
should build high-density shelving with the tables nesting; upper levels
will have less-used stuff, maintaining a catwalk but with sorter bins on
the sides.

[Nick](User:Nickfarr) and [Nate](User:Myself)
agree on the goal of making the loft/shelving shallower by a foot or
two; Member 28 doesn't think it would be worthwhile.

Elliot says a problem is our inability to use the existing horizontal
space as workspace; there's "deep" space that's too deep to be
usable/reachable.

[Nate](User:Myself) suggests more shallow against-the-wall
shelving like what's currently behind the door.

There is general agreement that first we'll work on [Workshop
Configuration](Workshop_Configuration) and think about the
[Main Space Reconfiguration](Main_Space_Reconfiguration)
later—other ideas about how we want to use it may come up once we unload
some of the bulky items that can be stored in the basement workshop
area.

Tim C. suggests this is a detailed / brainstorming discussion that may
deserve a separate discussion.

## New Business

[Andrew](User:Q) has been appointed Shadow Minister of
Special Projects; he will continue to work on the [Physical Access
Control Project](Physical_Access_Control_Project) (which
involves the door for HacDC's particular space and is not to be confused
with the [Door Entry Project](Door_Entry_Project) for the
whole church).

A proposal to extend [Nate](User:Myself)'s dues waiver to
January 31, 2010 was approved.

Prospective member Sean was approved as a new member. This brings the
count of current members to 32.

[Category:Meeting_Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
