**Note:** This page serves as the 2011-03-08 Member Meeting's agenda
(before the meeting) and minutes (after the meeting).

## Time and Location

March 8, 2011

Meeting called to order at 7:45 by Redbeard.

Members Present: Will G Brian Redbeard Katie B Brad Barr Elliot W Bjorn
W TC Ben S Martin R Jamie Xaq Phil S Toast

Others Present: Puja Waldo Dennis Martin

[Quorum](Quorum) met?

Yes.

## Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes

[Regular Member Meeting 2011 02
08](Regular_Member_Meeting_2011_02_08)

Read and approved.

## Director Reports

### President's Report

Annual meeting couple weeks ago, board elections. The new board has been
working. Submitted response to inter-hackerspace challenge put out by
Mitch -- challenge is to build educational equip. Since the 501c3,
written a bunch of letters to donors. Got \$200 from John Howard. Set up
computers for Linux labs.

### Vice President's Report

Lots of awesome going on. Very happy. There's been projects going on
nearly every night and day, with some nights overbooked. AVR class, 3D
bots, and Space Blimp were all going on last night. Other classes every
other night. Yay!

### Treasurer's Report

Todd, in his absence, put up the treasurer's report. Thanks Todd.

We're still losing money, but not too quickly. Everyone should look for
opportunities to get funding / matching / etc from their employers given
we now have 501c3. We have plans for capitalizing on the webpage. For
advertising, blog blog blog.

Board met last week to discuss plans to get more income.

BBT at End of February: \$5,183.83

Paypal at End of February: \$665.86

Liquid Assets: \$5849.69 (6699.69 with security deposit of 850.00)

Previous Month: \$6,459.35

Total: -\$609.66

Expenses:

02/28/2011 Debit INTUIT \*QB ONLINE 02-26 800-286-6800 CA 1703 BB&T
CHECK CARD RECURRING PYMT \$10.55

02/23/2011 Check 1027 CHECK #1027 View \$2,526.00

02/16/2011 Debit SFPP STATE FARM RO 27 XXXXXXXXXXX4321 ACH DEBIT \$68.58

02/02/2011 POS LINODE.COM 02-02 609-593-7103 NJ 1703 BB&T CHECK CARD
PURCHASE \$37.45

### Secretary's Report

Absent.

### Director-at-Large Reports

#### Will G

Mark Adams started his science blogging again on the site. Xaq has
ponied up for blogging stuff within the space. Talking to Think Geek for
offering a banner ad, and redesigning the page. GW's electronics
donation came through -- we have 8 new oscilloscopes, frequency
counters, function generators, etc.

#### Brad B

Talking with Meetup about the 501c3 and getting free. Sent out the
Board's to-do list. Got everyone yo-yoing.

## Member Reports

-   Xaq: Starting up blogging in space. Maybe a "meet the hacker"
    column. Been on a reprap quest to make a Prusa Mendel -- have
    printed parts but none of the mechanics, going to donate them and
    his time to put it together. If people are interested in funding the
    project or working on the machine, stay tuned to Blabber. Also going
    to start a Quantified Self project: tracking health stats and etc,
    and talking about it.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Toast: Started up bike class, many people showed up. Went well, got
    good feedback. Putting together a wiki for documentation. After this
    one finishes, maybe will offer it to the community after it's built.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Ben: Wants to see the Kit Build thing work. Offers to run the
    administrative side. At NIH, twice a month, they have a tech
    speakers talk. If anyone's interested, contact him and you'll get a
    tour of the Genome Research site. Any tech topic is welcome.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Martin: Still planning on April 2 for Spaceblimp launch. We're
    listed on the www.ahab.org (high-alt amateurs) website. Current
    flight predictions put us in the Atlantic due to the gulf stream, so
    we may have to delay or change launch location. The goals of the
    next launch are basically to do the same package as last time, but
    have it all work this time! Also coerced Alberto for getting started
    on a video for a shop-buildout Kickstarter.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Bjorn: Talking about running a Processing and Supercollider
    workshop, graphics and synthesis. Look forward to that in the next
    month or so. Goal is making art, but the classes may be more
    general. Not sure if he should do "intro to programming" for art
    people or "intro to art" for programming people.

## Old Business

## New Business

-   Martin from Freeshell wanted to know if the local group could have
    meetings here.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Puja got interested with Creative Commons in Berlin, works for
    Opower, energy-efficiency startup in Courthouse in VA. Wants to
    reach out to the DC tech community, wants to know if there's
    anything we could do for collaboration. (Hiring Java or Ruby coder.)

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   We have 501c3, we can now run raffles as fundraising. Redbeard is
    thinking of having a party for the raffle. Might be time for an open
    house.

### New Members

-   Lawrence nominated in his absence.

## Adjournment

Adjourned at 8:39

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
