```{=mediawiki}
{{Floating TOC}}
```
These are the minutes of the Regular Member Meeting held on June 17,
2008

-   Members Present: Nick Farr, Ben Stanfield, Member 005, Timball,
    Derek Cooper, Dan Moniz, Tino Dai, Alli Rense, Andrew Righter, A.
    Sabino, Bjorn Westergard, Member 029, Sarah Oliver, Richard Bewley
-   Others Present:
-   Quorum: "Established in Spirit" - Member 029
-   Called to Order: 7:52 PM
-   Adjourned: 8:35 PM
-   Location: HacDC, 1525 Newton St NW, Washington DC, 20010, USA
-   Presiding: Andrew Righter, Coordinator in Chief

## Draft minutes of the last meeting

-   The [ May 20 Meeting
    Minutes](Regular_Member_Meeting_Minutes_2008_05_20), as
    modified, were approved. Richard Bewley was the "33rd" charter
    member.
-   The minutes of the [ June 10
    Meeting](Regular_Member_Meeting_Minutes_2008_06_10) were
    reviewed

## The Consent Agenda

The following items were removed from the Consent Agenda:

-   Nick Farr removed [ Resource Use
    Policy](Resource_Use_Policy)

The following items were approved by consensus:

-   [Dues Waiver](Nate_B_Dues_Waiver) for Nate B, through
    January 2009.
-   [Proposal for a HacDC museum](HacDC_Museum) proposal.
-   \$500 budget for the [ Physical Access Control
    Project](Physical_Access_Control_Project) (i.e. Door
    Unlockerator Project)

## Minister Reports

### Coordinator in Chief

Projects going well. Covered the reverse engineering class being held at
the end of June.

### Ministry of Finance

[ Report for June 13](MoF_Report_2008_06_13). Nick also
indicated he was pondering ways to move to a better way to account for
"Equipment" as part of future. June dues are being collected
automatically via PayPal, our Rent is paid. \$1003.91 in equipment,
including tools and shelving.

### Keeper of the MIBS

Derek announced his resignation. Nick noted that the meeting minutes are
wikified after a meeting, and can be edited by group members.

### Minister of Information

New Theme for HacDC Blog is finished.

## Member Reports

-   Nick Farr: [ Columbia Heights
    Wireless](Columbia_Heights_Wireless) project: We met with
    the church, we are proceeding with Phase I (IT Infrastructure
    rewiring of the church). See Wiki article for more details.
-   Bjorn W: His brother has set HacDC screens for screen printing.
    Suggested to set up the screen printing workshop for this Saturday.
    Has been taking pictures of the more interesting pieces from the
    patent examiner's collection.

## Old Business

No Old Business is currently pending

## New Business

### [ Resource Use Policy](Resource_Use_Policy)

-   Ben was concerned with resource policy, particularly disposal
    requirements.
-   Nick explained the disposal link in the policy would not be part of
    the policy, but was supplemental guidance.
-   Bjorn expressed questions about how to use HacDC resources for
    personal projects.
-   Nick noted the general consensus of the group was "use common
    sense", parts should be used for HacDC Projects, then Personal
    Projects, then whatever diverts materials from the waste stream.
-   Ben called for unanimous approval after nothing his objections were
    satisfied with Nick's clarification.
-   Derek objected on the grounds he had not read the policy. Time was
    allotted for Derick to read the policy aloud before a vote was
    taken.
-   Derek raised concerns about members not having precedence for the
    use of the space over visitors.
-   Nick pointed out the proposal specifically gives members working on
    a project precedence over guests.
-   Upon further consideration and clarification, the objection was
    pulled

**Passes by consensus**

### [ Central Services Concept](Central_Services)

Nothing discussed due to time

### Approve new members

No new members appeared to be approved. As of this meeting, 4 persons
have signed up to pay dues and have not been officially approved as
members.

[Category:Meeting_Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
