## Time and Location {#time_and_location}

April 9, 2013 Called to order at `<s>`{=html}1930`</s>`{=html}
`<s>`{=html}1948`</s>`{=html} `<s>`{=html}1958`</s>`{=html} 2008 !!
Members present: Ben, Sean, Chris, mirage, Phil, Nadiir, David W, Dan,
Martin, Phil, David Mc, Eric, Katie, Andrew

[Quorum](Quorum) is met.

## Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes {#approval_of_previous_meetings_minutes}

[Annual Meeting 2013](Annual_Meeting_2013)

## Recognition

## Director Reports {#director_reports}

Annual

### President's Report {#presidents_report}

### Vice President's Report {#vice_presidents_report}

-   Draft: [Shop Rules](Shop_Rules)
-   Call for **certification standards** for the more dangerous tools
    -   who can certify?
    -   what if any experience and/or training is required?
    -   rules for operation (primarily safety best practices)?
    -   explicit safe/unsafe locations within or adjacent to the space?
    -   examples:
        -   [Lathe](Certification_Lathe)
        -   [CNC Mill](Certification_CNC_Mill)
        -   [Manual Mill](Certification_Manual_Mill)
        -   [Welder](Certification_Welder)
        -   [Deathstar](Certification_Deathstar)

### Treasurer's Report {#treasurers_report}

Here is the financial summary spreadsheet for March 2013:
![](HacDC_Financials_2013_03.pdf "HacDC_Financials_2013_03.pdf"). We
gained two new members, Graham and Logan. Kevin Johnson began paying but
has yet to be voted in. Reuven restored his membership in time to be
voted into office. :) We lost two members. We had 56 paying members and
2 nonpaying members. Our dues revenue continues to meet our expenses
again, and thanks to those that donate extra we had a regular
(non-earmarked) monthly net of \$664.

Tim renewed our business license with DC, and I will be filing our 990-N
with the IRS.

Quorum remains at 14.

#### Project Awesome {#project_awesome}

We had a surplus so I am able to declare a \$600 Project Awesome
dividend and add \$64 to our reserves. Here is the Project Awesome
spreadsheet for March:
![](HacDC_PA_Projects-2013_03.pdf "HacDC_PA_Projects-2013_03.pdf").
Thanks to everyone that voted for projects in March, there are now
eleven votes total. Note that project contacts must be members, so any
project whose contact leaves or transitions from member to friend status
must appoint a new contact.

### Secretary's Report {#secretarys_report}

Working out Secretary's duties, trying to determine current rules for
tracking member list and announcing meetings. Otherwise nothing new to
report. [Gatohaus](User:Gatohaus) 10:40, 8 April 2013 (PDT)

### Director-at-Large Reports {#director_at_large_reports}

Lot of awesome bio-hacking stuff going on. Encouraging Mirage to demo in
DC in 4 weeks. Dev kits for Nordic something something coming in.

## [Project Awesome](:Category:Project_Awesome) Reports {#project_awesome_reports}

### Project LASER {#project_laser}

### Project BYZANTIUM {#project_byzantium}

-   ISC Grant:
    -   Meetings (semiweekly hangouts/meatspace)
    -   RasPi - [ByzPi](https://github.com/byzantium/ByzPi)
    -   next Goal - Mac compatibility
    -   3rd Goal - Mesh over Ham radio
    -   4th Goal - 0.4b release with all the fun stuff created in the
        other goals

Need to start implementing inventory system for new hardware coming in.

### Project KITBUILD {#project_kitbuild}

### Project 3DP {#project_3dp}

Justin Myers purchased 2lbs of PLA plastic. This will probably last a
few months. In the long run, many types of supplies are needed at HacDC.

Three ways of doing funding general supplies: 1) The proposed PA
SUPPLIES project (least controversial). 2) Allowing HacDC members to be
reimbursed by the HacDC BoD (or other appointed committee) more freely
from the general fund. 3) Allocating budget from the general fund at the
monthly members meeting for supplies (existing process).

Funding general supplies sooner rather than later is important to move
forward at HacDC.

## Member Reports {#member_reports}

David W on T43's for classes. All should have Ubuntu or Win XP for
consistency's sake.

## Old Business {#old_business}

none

## New Business {#new_business}

### Reimburse Justin for PLA {#reimburse_justin_for_pla}

Allocate \$52.14 to reimburse Justin for PLA purchase.

### Buy FSLaser 5th Gen Laser Cutter {#buy_fslaser_5th_gen_laser_cutter}

Propose to approve purchase of FSLaser 5th Gen Hobby Laser for \$3809.
This includes shipping+insurance, and the \$150 air compressor and
included 40W CO2 laser. All other addons such as a lenses, rotary
attachment, and 90W laser can be purchased later at the same price, if
we don't build or source them ourselves. Fans and ducting to vent
externally also required, to be sourced locally. Link:
<http://fslaser.com/products/lasers/newhobby>

Vote to authorize spending the entire PA Laser money (\~\$5500 and
growing) on FSLaser, warranty, etc. Majority carries vote, approved.

(BoD will have to vote to move control from Tim to another member,
probably Dan)

-   **Last** Consider (no vote) [Article
    II](http://wiki.hacdc.org/index.php/Proposed_Standing_Rules#Article_II:_Membership)
    of the Proposed Standing Rules for voting on at next month's
    meeting.

## New Members {#new_members}

-   Shawn
    -   Majority approval of membership obtained.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Kevin R Johnson - says paid dues, interest in software radio,
    working on ez668 to integrate sdr into cali..??
    -   Majority approval of membership obtained.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   George Walker
    -   Interests include: instrumentation amplifiers, audio hacking, to
        learn about radio.
    -   Majority approval of membership obtained.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Ben Goldhabber
    -   Interests: NorthPaw, Art, cloud and LED interaction, wants to
        learn CNC.
    -   Majority approval of membership obtained.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Anders
    -   Interests: hacking DC gov budget!
    -   Majority approval of membership obtained.

## Adjournment

Adjourned at 2113

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
