`{{TOCright}}`{=mediawiki}

## Time and Location

:   Date: January 8 2019
:   Called to order at 7:37 pm by Karen
:   Members present: Kevin, Dorotea, Ken, Bobby, Dan, James, Karen
:   Members remote: Tom, Julia, Mirage
:   Others present: Foxlet
:   \[7\]

    :   Quorum met? Y

## Approval of [Previous Meeting's Minutes](Regular_Member_Meeting_2018_12_18)

## Recognition

Thanks Kevin for changing my wiki password. Again. Thanks Julia and bon
voyage to you and Jesse! Thanks Dave for getting the server downstairs
up and running (supercomputers are go)

## New Members

Dan - interested in 3d printing, Blender, etc.

## Old Business

Ken concerned about air quality

-   Possible propane coming up from kitchen
-   Suggestion to use an air exchanger to deal with issue
-   Sent an email to members/bod with idea for something less invasive
-   Suggestion from peanut gallery to use a hepa filter of some sort
-   Possibly have a few different issues that require different
    solutions - best solution may in fact be an air exchanger - runs
    about \$400

Outgoing process

-   Is an inventory necessary?
-   Best process may be giving members a chance to identify and claim
    items they want and then recycle of the rest.
-   Keep tools, but try to get rid of "parts"
-   How to identify wanted items? Stickers? Yes, Karen will purchase
-   Deadline to save items March 31, lots of reminders, then call
    recyclers
-   Vote to proceed - all present agree
-   Clean-up: [Inventory](Inventory)

Gygax Supercomputer Admin

-   Dave needs to chat with Mike Ritonia - get a static ip address/port
    opened in firewall

Video cameras for the space

-   Kevin trying to get one working to monitor printers
-   Also need one to monitor space for occasional items that get
    borrowed and don't come back - Karen will investigate and report
    back

Fundraising

-   More social events - low barrier to entry in terms of technical
    knowledge - movie night was fun and went well
-   Ken - workshops like Enrique's blockchain seminar. SingularityNet
    might be interested in speaking by video conferencing
-   Kevin has an idea for a venue for a fundraising event - Exiles on U
    Street NW - trivia night

## New Business

-   **'Bot in search of a good home:** ITechGeek has been hosting the
    IRC 'bot on his personal VPS, and has asked that it be moved to an
    official HacDC box. Or, barring that, just kill it, since it seems
    to be under-utilized.
-   **Fundraising**
    -   [Reserving St. Stephen's
        auditorium](https://www.saintstephensdc.org/using-the-auditorium-for-meetings)

## [Project Awesome](:Category:Project_Awesome) Reports

### Project SUPPLIES - Mirage

### Project EXPANSION - Mirage

### Project HAMRADIO - Jeff

### Project Electron Microscope (SEM) - Julia

### Project Optical Table Robot (OTR) - Julia

### Project CRISPR -Enrique

\- Report and updates

### Project SpaceBlimp -Enrique

\- Report and updates

### Project Media Outreach - Matt

### Project IT Infrastructure - Tom

## Member Reports

Ken

-   Working with a community organizer in Ward 7 about a demo of new
    technology second Tuesday in March - 3D printing, VR, AI, etc.
-   Can do AI and VR but needs help 3d printing part, and to be at
    meeting to answer questions
-   About a 10 minute session followed by demos
-   Needs volunteers - will put something out on blabber after he has
    confirmed HacDC's participation

## Director Reports (Governance related stuff)

### President's Report

Still working on code of conduct - will include edits from last time and
circulate to members for input. Don't want grammatical wordsmithing -
want more substantial comments for inclusion/editing

Fundraising Want to set up a gofundme page to share on facebook and
other venues

### Vice President's Report

### Treasurer's Report

I can confirm Dan's Paypal subscription. The settlement check has been
sent. I have our information and passwords on the 990 that needs to be
filed.

I will have to upload later, but this month was largely the same as the
last. This was the last month of our repayments for lost revenue from 6
months of last year, so \$440 additional dollars will stop coming next
month. But due to irregular payment schedules (not everyone pays exactly
monthly) this should balance out for this months finances once everyone
has paid. Still working on contacting everyone to make sure they are up
to date with this month's payment.

### Secretary's Report

### Director-at-Large Reports

#### Kevin

#### Ken

## Adjournment

Adjourned by at xxx by xxx

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
