## Time and Location {#time_and_location}

April 10, 2012

Meeting called to order at 7:36 by: Brad

Members Present: Brad, Eric, John, Jamie, Ben, Chris, Timothy, Shar,
Martin, Katie, Alberto, Phil, Dan, Nadir, Tim

Others Present: David, Andy, Ebo, Bryce

[Quorum](Quorum) met? yes

## Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes {#approval_of_previous_meetings_minutes}

[Regular Member Meeting 2012 03
13](Regular_Member_Meeting_2012_03_13)

## Director Reports {#director_reports}

### President's Report {#presidents_report}

Not much to report. Approached by Cardoza (re: FIRST Robotics). Looking
for mentors to rewire gokarts. No news on GMU camp.

### Vice President's Report {#vice_presidents_report}

Obtained permission from Brian to add a community mesh antenna to the
roof to join Mt Pleasant mesh network. Looking for ideas for booth at
HOPE 2012 in the hackerspace village. Also possible mesh networking
workshop proposed.

### Treasurer's Report {#treasurers_report}

Here is the financial summary spreadsheet for Feb 2012:
![](HacDC_Financials_Mar_2012.pdf "HacDC_Financials_Mar_2012.pdf")

We added no new members in March, and had two non-paying members.

I purchased the video camera and accessories and Clear modem and service
that were approved at the last meeting. Also paid \$20 for \$100 in
Vistaprint credits to be used for business cards once we have a design.
Despite these expenditures, we finished March \$76 ahead and are
maintaining about 4 months' reserve.

### Secretary's Report {#secretarys_report}

Nothing to report.

### Director-at-Large Reports {#director_at_large_reports}

#### Martin

Helping 8th graders with High Altitude Balloon project. We have a boot
this Saturday is RobotFest in Lithicum, MD. Also have a booth last
weekend of this month at US Science & Engineering Festival.

#### Nick

Had a 15 page paper to write.

## Member Reports {#member_reports}

Tim Slagle: A lot of work has been done behind the scenes on the HacDC
wiki. We created a HacDC:wiki mailing list for planning and discussion.
We have created a Category outline and assigned all current articles to
it, which allows us to use some nice navigation features. ITG installed
a bunch of extension plugins and we are trying them out to see what we
should use going forward. As of now there is a new "Categories" tree box
on the left side that lets you explore the topic hierarchy, and Category
breadcrumbs will print on each page to show where in the outline you are
as you read an article. We also assigned some content from the founding
days of HacDC into a new "Obsolete" category when it didn't jibe with
how things are now. Also made a "RevisionNeeded" category for pages that
are worth keeping but don't have current info. Thanks to everyone who's
been working on this - ITG, Katie, NickS, Eric and others.

Chris: New Occupancy Sensor box installed (ShivaPlug). Hopefully up and
running tonight! Working on getting HacDC Patches for the group. Woot.
If interested in one email blabber or Chris.

Alberto: Reminder that early next month May 6th, 7th Brad and Tim will
be teaching a course at Artisphere on Arduino and Processing. First
outreach and collaboration with Artisphere and Washington Project for
the Arts. Alberto giving a talk Saturday and University of Maryland,
College Park, titled "[Theorizing the
Web](http://www.cyborgology.org/theorizingtheweb/2012/)". Will be
mentioning HacDC in talk!

Phil: In touch with Center for History and New Media and their event
ThatCamp. Interested in applying technology in the pursuit of
humanities. Looking to host a 3D printing workshop. Visited hackerspace
in Albequerque, New Mexico - Q Lab. Got a hackerspace passport stamp!!

Martin: Speaker from ARRL coming to speak to HARC meeting tomorrow
night.

## Old Business {#old_business}

## New Business {#new_business}

## New Members {#new_members}

### The Doctor {#the_doctor}

The Doctor (aka Bryce Lynch) is a long-time regular of HacDC. When he's
not galavanting around time and space he donates a considerable amount
of time and energy toward developing Project Byzantium and fighting for
social justice around the world. `<b>`{=html}Voted in`</b>`{=html}

## David

Has (but sold) a music recommendation patent. Interested in underwater
toys and making cool things happen under the sea. Building stuff with
shop bot at Fab Lab in B'more. \["Good programmer." - No, that's not me.
"Decidedly mediocre mostly ex-programmer" is more like it. -dew\]
Working on more patents. `<b>`{=html}Voted in`</b>`{=html}

## Andy

Likes to make stuff. Specialty is 3D printing and runs a printing
business. Background with Fab Lab. Owns many 3D printers and likes to
build new prototypes. `<b>`{=html}Voted in`</b>`{=html}

## Ebo

CNC developer. Has some experimental hardware / FPGA stuff to share.
Does programming from firmware to AI and scientific work. Was an
apprentice with Tool & Die and Blacksmith. Installed a huge lathe at
Austin hackerspace. Serious about toys! `<b>`{=html}Pending`</b>`{=html}

## Adjournment

Adjourned at: 8:18pm

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
