## Time and Location {#time_and_location}

February 12, 2013

Meeting called to order at 7:32 p.m. by Eric

Members Present: Eric, Lee, Martin, Jamie, Phil, Nadir, Christine,
David, Katie, Chris, Ben the Pyrate, Alberto, Tim D., Tim S., Dan B.
Others Present: Phil, Jarett, Dave, Ahmed, Loki

[Quorum](Quorum) met? Yes!

## Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes {#approval_of_previous_meetings_minutes}

[Regular Member Meeting 2013 01
08](Regular_Member_Meeting_2013_01_08) Approved.

## Recognition

-   Jamie - getting the 3x3 working via marathon phone call to Megapath

## Director Reports {#director_reports}

### President's Report {#presidents_report}

We had a hangout meeting to brainstorm ideas for increasing involvement
in the space. We came up with some good ideas. Want people to realize
that we're all volunteers with a finite amount of time, so we depend on
all of us to make HacDC cool. We're happy to help you if you have an
idea that you want help on. Working on new standing rules to make it
easier to add new members and conduct business. Thought about making a
web app to inventory member expertise (maybe a mobile RPG kind of
thing?).

### Vice President's Report {#vice_presidents_report}

-   Did a great job of showing off for Gates Foundation / Beyond Access
    visit
-   aaronsw Memorial Hackathon went pretty well
-   ShmooCon is this weekend - we don't have a table but there will be
    several HacDC members there
-   HacDC LUG - Mailing list is setup already: lug@hacdc.org

### Treasurer's Report {#treasurers_report}

Here is the financial summary spreadsheet for January 2013:
![](HacDC_Financials_2013_01.pdf "HacDC_Financials_2013_01.pdf"). We
gained three new membership subscriptions (from Ahmed Aden, Nicholas
Jacobsen, and TJ Johnson, and lost Peter Edworthy. We had 55 paying
members and 2 non-paying members. Our dues revenue is greater than
expenses again, thanks to everyone for paying and thanks again to those
that donate extra. With extra donations we had a non-earmarked monthly
net of \$322.

I rolled over the accounting spreadsheets for 2013 but have not yet
filed our 990-N with the IRS (due in April) or renewed our business
license with DC (due in March). I will be sending out donation
acknowledgement letters for 2012 as soon as time permits.

Quorum is 14.

#### Project Awesome {#project_awesome}

We had a small surplus so I am able to declare a \$200 Project Awesome
dividend and add \$122 to our reserves. Here is the Project Awesome
spreadsheet for January:
![](HacDC_PA_Projects-2013_01.pdf "HacDC_PA_Projects-2013_01.pdf"). We
don't have a lot of votes for Project Awesome projects so if you want
some say in how money is spent at HacDC please email your vote to
awesome@hacdc.org!

### Secretary's Report {#secretarys_report}

-   [Anti-Harassment Policy](Anti-Harassment_Policy) and
    [Diversity Statement](Diversity_Statement) are ready to
    be voted on next month at the Annual Meeting
-   inviting recipients of (defunct?) HacDC Newsletter to subscribe to
    new announcements list (10 at a time...)
-   could coordinate writing of a please-donate spiel that
    instructors/speakers would be encouraged to read at the beginning of
    public events and classes

### Director-at-Large Reports {#director_at_large_reports}

#### Martin

Had an FCC licensing exam. Minted a bunch of new hams. This is the first
time there has been a licensing exam in DC in some time. Under the aegis
of ARRL, but if we affiliate with a Laurel group, we could offer exams
for free instead of charging \$15.

#### Andy

Not here.

## [Project Awesome](:Category:Project_Awesome) Reports {#project_awesome_reports}

### Project LASER {#project_laser}

Tim has been busy with non-HacDC-related stuff. Added a bunch of links
to different laser cutter companies. The first company we were looking
at sounded like they treated customers like crap. There are many choices
to be researched. There are candidates for around \$5500.

### Project BYZANTIUM {#project_byzantium}

-   White House/FEMA presentation
-   0.3a release soon
-   Applied for Informsec grant
    [<https://www.informsec.net/techgrants2/>](https://www.informsec.net/techgrants2/)

### Project KITBUILD {#project_kitbuild}

Not much happening.

### Project 3DP {#project_3dp}

No report.

## Member Reports {#member_reports}

### Alberto

Would do repeat of Arduino Processing workshop. Would like to have a
Danger Shield kit build at the beginning of that.

Suggests we consider pairing with Knowledge Commons and other
organizations in the area to offer classes, especially multi-session
ones.

### Eric

Anyone who wants to host an event is encouraged to use our Meetup to set
one up or coordinate an informal gathering at the space. That includes
study groups for the multitude of online university courses available to
the public.

### Dan

The Ryobi drill press has been destroyed, both the motor shaft and
spindle are bent (in different directions). The cost of replacing the
motor is almost as much as a new drill press. Recommend decommissioning.
Ash donated a drill press that's currently in the basement.

What if we adopt a democratic procedure (like for Project Awesome) but
with the resource being physical space instead of money? People should
think about what tools we need upstairs and what would be fine living in
the basement.

Jon Singer has been shedding equipment, putting it mostly at the "Maker
Tech Tuesday" warehouse. In particular there's a platform that could
make a good 3D printer platform. In parallel with our professional
laser-as-a-tool, Dan will be working on laser-as-a-project.

Listing the equipment in the basement and clarifying what people are
interested in would be useful.

Found a cheap source of Chinese laser pointer modules. Got 60 for \$20.
Intend to run a laser toy class.

Unhappy: we still have the back room staged for a disposal process. Go
down and look in the piles. Pile 1 has been there for months; it's
basically all crap. We'd like permission to part it out and throw the
rest away. Part 2 is historic but not especially useful stuff. Give Dan
feedback. We'll try to make appropriate policies for next month's annual
meeting.

## Old Business {#old_business}

None.

## New Business {#new_business}

None.

## New Members {#new_members}

Jarett does IT stuff in DC for nonprofits and associations, a ham radio
operator. Wears a tie, but it's okay because it doubles as an antenna.
:) Lee nominated, Ben seconded. Unanimously approved.

Dave Howard. He takes stuff apart and breaks it. Wants to make DDWRT for
NAS. Ben nominated, Martin seconded. Approved.

Phil has been coming in on Mondays. web scraping and data aggregation
projects as they relate to helping job-seekers. Alberto nominated,
Haxwithaxe seconded. Approved.

Ahmed: computer network engineer. Interested in learning about
programming, ham radio, analog electronics. Is donating a DSP. Also
helped us show off for the Gates Foundation presentation. Ben nominated,
Martin seconded. Approved.

Loki. Only here for a few months (until end of May). Started hackerspace
in Portland. Current project is DARPA spectrum challenge. Martin
nominated, Alberto seconded. Approved.

## Adjournment

Adjourned at 9:27 pm

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
