## Time and Location {#time_and_location}

September 11, 2012

Meeting called to order at 7:43pm by Brad

Members Present: Brad, John, Martin, Jamie, Ben, Andy, Dan, Katie, Eric,
Phil, Tim, Chris, Bjorn, Nadir, Rich

Others Present: Angela, Nathan, Samudra

[Quorum](Quorum) met? Yes

## Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes {#approval_of_previous_meetings_minutes}

-   Approved\* [Regular Member Meeting 2012 08
    14](Regular_Member_Meeting_2012_08_14)

## Director Reports {#director_reports}

### President's Report {#presidents_report}

Cryptoparty.org has organized a party on Oct 16th at HacDC. Reddit
coverage on this as well.

In collaboration with KCDC, taught a Lockpicking class. Journalist from
RT attended and would like to host an interview on cryptoparties.

### Vice President's Report {#vice_presidents_report}

Interviewed on Packet Pushers podcast - gained a great deal of interest
as a result. Lots of cool events upcoming on Meetup. Sign up and RSVP!!

### Treasurer's Report {#treasurers_report}

Here is the financial summary spreadsheet for Aug 2012:
![](HacDC_Financials_2012_08.pdf "HacDC_Financials_2012_08.pdf") We
added two members in August (Sharad Satsangi and Nick Beauregard) but
had a record number of 7 non-paying members - I think some of those are
dropping membership but haven't informed us. With 55 paying members we
are at break even in dues, but we continue to get generous additional
donations which leave us ahead \$160 for the month despite some extra
expenses - thanks to the members who give more!

We spent \$91.75 on business cards for the BoD and 2000 general ones
with 'info@hacdc.org' on them - this was approved months ago. Spent \$19
on keys and \$50 from earmarked donations went to EricM for the
projector light bulb.

Quorum stays at 14 considering the members who have dropped or been
dropped as of today.

### Secretary

Nothing to report

### Director-at-Large Reports {#director_at_large_reports}

#### Martin

Nothing to report

## Member Reports {#member_reports}

### Katie

[Hacking the Gender Gap](http://www.meetup.com/hac-dc/events/81353622/),
a workshop run by The Hacktory to explore the gender gap in
tech/science/math, will take place at 2 p.m. on Saturday, September 22.

[Video from Lightning Talks V is
up.](http://www.hacdc.org/2012/09/video-from-lightning-talks-v/) Think
about what you'd like to share in a five-minute talk at [the next round
on November
3](http://wiki.hacdc.org/index.php/LightningTalks#Lightning_Talks_VI:_November_3.2C_2012).

If you like Project Byzantium and would like to help promote it, please
consider [chipping in a few bucks toward an order of Byzantium logo/QR
code stickers](http://hacdc.chipin.com/byzantium-stickers).

### Tim

Created a Google group for random press releases sent to HacDC.

### Andy

Betascape fest at MICA the weekend of 21st. Look for an announcement on
the mailing list.

Built and donated new 3D printer! Documentation on wiki.

### Chris

Byzantium travelling to Barcelona in October to attend community mesh
networking conference. Interested in representing as many related groups
as possible eg. Recovers, MoCo ham club HSMM.

### Rich

Needs low-cost micro-gravity experiment boxes (that work) to send to
ISS. Offering \$2k prize.

### Phil

Made contact with South Portland hackerspace. They exist!

## Old Business {#old_business}

## New Business {#new_business}

### Project Awesome {#project_awesome}

-   Approved\* (Tim Slagle) I sent out my "Project Awesome" proposal to
    the HacDC:Members list last week, and some discussion followed. My
    official proposal is [here](Project_Awesome_Rules). If we
    have quorum I'd like to vote on it tonight, and start accepting
    project proposals for the September funding cycle. Details of how to
    vote are still being worked out however. The simplest plan is for
    each member to vote for exactly one project by sending email to
    awesome@hacdc.org. It would be nice (but more complicated) to allow
    people to divide their vote among multiple projects. I have a Google
    Form for voting, but it would require people to log in with a
    \@hacdc.org account (which every member can have), plus some
    additional processing to validate and compute to the project vote
    totals.

### New Director At Large 2 {#new_director_at_large_2}

Andy

## New Members {#new_members}

### Samudra

-   Approved\* Inventor of broadband communication devices. VSAT
    networks in West Africa to East Asia. Formed wireless ISP in
    Bangladesh. PhD student at GWU working on space research. Wants to
    build crowd-sourced distributed ground control stations for
    spacecraft.

## Adjournment

Adjourned at: 8:57pm

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
