`{{TOCright}}`{=mediawiki}

## Time and Location

:   Date 5/14/2019
:   Called to order at 7:35 pm by Karen Shunk
:   Members present: Dan, Bobby, Ken, Kevin, John, James
:   Members remote: Hunter
:   Others present:
:   [Quorum](Quorum)

    :   Quorum met? Y

## Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes

Minutes by John, motion James, seconded Kevin, approved

## Recognition

## New Members

2 new paying members, Maxwell and Alex 1 full member, 1 student

## Old Business

Code of conduct largely finished Use of space discussion to be deferred
until after the event at Dupont Underground May 16

## New Business

-   **Tech Circus**
    -   We now have a **FEW** trinkets from James and Kevin.
    -   Send walk-through and Thursday setup notes, logistics to all the
        players not in attendance today (e.g. NonStop Art).
        -   10:00 AM Thursday early setup.
        -     5:00  PM Thursday late setup, with teen schleppers and
            greeters.
        -   Don't forget HacDC banners and brochures from top drawer of
            the filing cabinet.
        -   Don't forget blue tape and glue for the printer(s)
        -   12 (?) tables.
        -   Soft drinks, beer, and wine available. No food.
        -   Teen schleppers available to help with tear-down.
        -   Stage with sound system at far (east) end of tunnel
        -   Dan lives close, has a car, and, in a pinch, has space that
            can act as a very temporary storage relay
    -   Program
        -   Opening remarks / welcome to the Dupont Underground at stage
            (Robert Meins)
        -   Intro to HacDC at stage (???)
        -   Music with video at stage (Dan)
        -   Looping 3D-related videos and 3D printing (Kevin and Esti
            from DCPL)
        -   SpaceBlimp 6 video, and possibly Robert Meins drone video
        -   "Live" video projection of VR gear view (Ken)
        -   3D room scanning / modeling (Betty)
        -   Robotics? (Oby)

  Table \#   Organization                 Showing...          Contact                          Email
  ---------- ---------------------------- ------------------- -------------------------------- ----------------------------------------------
  1          HacDC                        VR/AI               Ken Kenworthy                    
  2          HacDC                        3D Printing         Kevin Cole                       
  3          HacDC                        Electronic Music    Dan Monego                       
  4          HacDC                        Legos for fun       Karen Shunk                      
  5          HacDC                        Information         John Pancoast                    
  ?          HacDC                        Robots              Oby Anomnachi                    
  6          Nonstop Art                  Information         Nehemiah Dixon                   dixon.nehemiah@gmail.com
  7          Nonstop Art                  Wearable tech       Nehemiah Dixon                   
  8          District Makers Collective   sculptural lights   Kent Slowinski                   wksla@aol.com
  9          David Kaufman                art                 David Kaufman                    david@hacdc.org
  10         DCPL                         3D Printing         Esti Brennan, Chelsea Kirkland   esti.brennan@dc.gov; chelsea.kirkland@dc.gov

  : Schedule / Program

------------------------------------------------------------------------

-   Invitation to participate in **Capital Hill Maker Faire** -- Rayburn
    Building, June 24. (Maybe too late: Deadline for response was May
    10)
-   Inquiry from **National Building Museum** to entertain 16 "campers"
    this summer with a talk about HacDC and hackerspaces / makerspaces
-   Now we have letterhead, courtesy of James
-   Need to write a "Thank you for the parts donation" letter.

## [Project Awesome](:Category:Project_Awesome) Reports

### Project SUPPLIES - Mirage

### Project EXPANSION - Mirage

### Project HAMRADIO - Jeff

### Project Electron Microscope (SEM) - Julia

### Project Optical Table Robot (OTR) - Julia

### Project CRISPR -Enrique

\- Report and updates

### Project SpaceBlimp -Enrique

\- Report and updates

### Project Media Outreach - Matt

### Project IT Infrastructure - Tom

## Member Reports

## Director Reports (Governance related stuff)

### President's Report

A visitor with tool education experience is coming on Monday - I plan to
ask for advice on tool training and certification for HacDC

### Vice President's Report

John will look into ideas for HacDC and HacDC Ham Radio Club to
collaborate more closely. Ideas include fox hunting, building equipment,
software defined radios.

Will add to HacDC ham radio club agenda for June.

### Treasurer's Report

Transitioning information from Tayeb to James (new treasurer) 2 new
members in April, however 2 cancellations

### Secretary's Report

### Director-at-Large Reports

#### Kevin

#### Ken

## Adjournment

Adjourned by at xxx by xxx

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
