`{{TOCright}}`{=mediawiki}

## Time and Location

:   March 10, 2015
:   Called to order at 20:02 by Celeste
:   Members present: Celeste, Enrique, Don, Ben, Matt H., Julia, Evan,
    Jamie,
:   Members remote: Hunter (Gary Sparkes)
:   Others present: James, Andrew C3EDB

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```

:   [Quorum](Quorum) 12

    :   Quorum met? N

## Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes

[Regular Member Meeting 2014 12
09](Regular_Member_Meeting_2014_12_09)

## Recognition

-   Dan Barlow - Taking the initiative to setup CNC Mill dedicated
    computer disk backup.
-   haxwithaxe - Making NAS server storage available.
-   Julia Longtin - Thursday event, 3D printing related.
-   Kevin Cole - Notifying other HacDC members of the LulzBot giveaway.
-   Evan - Hosting the Raspberry Jam!
-   Don and Enrique for helping make the Raspberry Jam happen.

## Director Reports

### President's Report

-   To help keep the space clean, IN ADDITION TO THROWING AWAY YOUR OWN
    TRASH, please throw away one thing you see that is obviously trash
    or has no value every time you leave. If the trash is full, tie it
    up and replace the trash bag. There is a box of trash bags by the
    sink. If you have random crap laying around that looks like trash
    but isn't, make sure it is put away or clearly labeled.
-   TTG has gotten a lot of good feedback: Looking for a sponsor to help
    organize a monthly Table Top Gaming day (picking a date, encouraging
    members to participate, bringing games, herding cats, etc.)

### Vice President's Report

Bunch of things have been done, more are in progress. Please be patient,
and tolerate the resources presently being deployed.

-   We WON a LulzBot in the recent giveaway!
-   WYSE terminals now have two USB flashdrive images. DSL works well
    for GUI (eg. kiosk) or simple SSH (eg. fileserver) uses. Knoppix
    offers kernel 2.6, which can be used to chainload full-scale
    distributions (eg. Debian) for more advanced servers (eg. Apache,
    Lighttpd, MySQL, Email, IMAP, etc). Relatively cheap, sporting x86
    CPUs, and offering audio ports, these can be useful as 'embedded'
    computers.
-   Configuration kiosk (WYSE terminal based) will be provided for the
    NetPLC based RFID system in progress. NetPLC would have been ready
    for delivery today, but local IT issues kept me busy yesterday.
-   First instance of mirage335OS (precompiled Gentoo/Funtoo image with
    custom software) installed to a modern ThinkPad. Intended to host
    our Epson Stylus Pro 4800 2D printer, allowing large-format
    printouts at low cost (compared to \>\$20/job Kinkos pricing).
-   AutoSSH through Shimmer tested successfully. Will be used to
    remotely administrate and backup important computers, preventing
    recurrence of the sort of file-corruption incident which struck our
    CNC Mill recently.
-   RostockMax 3D printer back online. Some wires are corroding, and
    will be replaced with a dedicated PCB.

### Treasurer's Report

-   Please Forgive My absence. I am on I-95N by the time you see this.
    Probably in South Carolina. Also, please forgive the external links.
    I have a terrible internet connection and will upload them directly
    when i return to DC

Notes: Thanks to everyone tat has converted to Dwolla. \~25% of
membership has converted To the rest of you, Please either convert to
Dwola or Re-subscribe your paypal memberships @\$60. This is ABSOLUTELY
CRITICAL. Special Thanks to Teaching For Change for a \$175 Donation as
a result of ITechGeek's helping them with their phone lines Thanks Again
to Dan Barlow for his solitary work on the aluminum milling which netted
the final \$300 donation from Transcend Robotics Project KitBuild has
been reinstated \$339.88 has been donated by Lee and earmarked for HARC.
i will be initiating a complete transfer of funds from Dwolla to BB&T
and a Partial transfund from PayPal to BB&T in March

There is nothing significant to report in the financials so they are
presented without comment. if you have any questions about this months
financials Please email treasurer@hacdc.org Subject: March Financials
and i will keep an eye out and get back to you.

<https://drive.google.com/a/hacdc.org/file/d/0B-gL3hld3MyTRS1UYUlUQVBlbEU/view?usp=sharing>

#### Project Awesome

-   

<https://drive.google.com/a/hacdc.org/file/d/0B-gL3hld3MyTODFINWtpTlNUa2c/view?usp=sharing>

(Added 3/19 to correct clerical error) \$93.25 was incorrectly assigned
as a donation and expense to project supplies when that transaction
should have been assigned to expansion. There is no impact on the
balances.

### Secretary's Report

-   

Not so much a Secretary's report, but we had about 40 participants the
first HacDC Raspberry Jam organized by Evan last month. We received very
positive feedback during and after the event. Several people asked how
often we host these events and would be interested in future events. We
also did an OK job at promoting HacDC with a short presentation at the
start of the event and put up a HacDC info/donation slide after the
formal presentations ended. Perhaps we could end the formal presentation
section of such events with some kind of brief "If you liked this event,
please support HacDC!" appeal to encourage membership, donations and
attendance at future events. Thanks to Evan for putting the event
together and Don for setting up a lot of equipment and everyone who
promoted the event online and offline.

### Director-at-Large Reports

#### Don

-   Was at Radio USA and spoke about HacDC.
-   Will introduce a grant writer to HacDC in April.
-   Will attend classes on grants.
-   HARC has some new members.
-   HARC has been active with contests.

#### Phil

-   We have been meeting in an informal capacity with Christine to
    formulate a development strategy for HacDC.
-   We have been making some progress on identifying our stake holders
    and developing personas to better understand them.

## [Project Awesome](:Category:Project_Awesome) Reports

### Project LASER

-   Dan has been busy, so no change.

### Project BYZANTIUM

-   Still waiting on a box from California

### Project KITBUILD

-   Alberto is still alive and plans to do more classes to teach people
    soldering and Processing.

### Project SUPPLIES

-   Authorized purchase of some 3D printer filament.
-   New WSM1 soldering iron tips have arrived. Please use the needle tip
    specifically for surface-mount work.
-   Requested purchase of hobbed bolts for the Rostock Max.

### Project EXPANSION

-   Authorized purchase of Wheels for OpticalTableRobot. AFAIK, the
    vendor has not been able to ship them yet.

### Project HAMRADIO

-   Preparing for Field Day in June.
    -   Possibly going to Hains Point.
    -   Weekend of June 28th
-   Our radio is in the repair shop getting fixed.
-   Jamie has brought one in to use in the mean time.

## Member Reports

### Don

Would like to create an inventory of equipment at HacDC. Would like to
get volunteers to help with the work, and is seeking permission to
compensate them with membership or something else.

## Old Business

-   

## New Business

-   

**Proposal for “Planning and Development” Committee** Submitted by Phil
Stewart, February 24th, 2015

To Vote Upon: The following proposal to form this committee that will
report to the board and to membership, by which vote the committee's
work will be authorized with the mandate of the membership.

**Summary:**

I propose the creation of a “Planning and Development” Committee to
create a coherent package of proposals geared towards refocusing HacDC’s
priorities and aligning its activities and expenditures with its primary
goals and purposes.

**Background:**

Recent discussions of our budget have highlighted the need for a renewal
of purpose at HacDC. A number of proposals have been offered: to put
together a fund-raising document, to fix one or another by-law, to
re-assess the content of our 501c3 application (or otherwise notify the
IRS of a planned change to our activities).

The budget concerns we need to address arise from the convergence of
twin trends: a rise in rent over the last few years and a flattening of
growth in membership subscriptions (our principle source of revenue). As
members have left the area, or founded their own hackerspaces in DC’s
suburbs, HacDC has not attracted new members at a similar rate. This
most likely has multiple causes, but is at least partially linked to
some changes in the direction and scope of our activities—acquiring
equipment vs. offering programs, for example—paired with some less
pleasant consequences of our light-handed approach to group governance:
disorganization, a messy shop, incivility in our email discussions. With
fewer members, fewer activities can be carried on, recursively impacting
our capacity to attract and retain members. These interacting forces
form a coordinated system. To solve them, we need to formulate a
coordinated response.

**Proposal:**

To this end I propose that a limited-term committee be formed to create
a coherent package of proposals that looks at our activities,
expenditures, funding sources, by-laws, organizational operations, and
anything else it deems to be relevant to get us back on track as a
nonprofit organization serving the greater good of our community. For
the purpose of this proposal, I am calling this the “Planning and
Development Committee” (PDC).

The PDC should be composed of a mix of volunteers, board members (one or
more), and people recruited by the board for their particular skills and
experience relevant to this committee’s work. It should also actively
consult with members who may not have the time to serve but whose input
is needed. While the PDC should report to the board, its progress and
findings should be fully communicated to the membership at large. The
PDC is not conceived as a permanent committee. Once its proposals have
been delivered and accepted / rejected / acted upon, the PDC will be
dissolved and its useful functions reassigned to officers, the board, or
standing committees.

The PDC should as part of its duties undertake the following:

• The PDC’s first task should be to find out what is working and what
isn’t for HacDC. I have in mind a poll or survey of members, former
members, and would-be members (e.g. who participate on Blabber). It may
also be useful to survey or interview visitors to the space, and members
or directors of other hackerspaces. Such a survey could be conducted
online (at a site such as SurveyMonkey).

• As importantly, the PDC (or a separate subcommittee if appropriate)
should explore ways to improve revenues, including grants, fees for
workshops and events, dues increases—whatever will work, consistent with
our mission. This may include entering in consultations with outside
experts.

• The PDC should formulate a proposal to create several task-specific
standing committees within HacDC as a way to address the club’s ongoing
needs and activities. Standing committees would allow for focused
attention to ongoing concerns while providing for continuity across
terms of the board and the changing commitments of club

• The PDC should develop and present a coherent communication strategy
for HacDC to ensure all potential donors, granting organizations, and
the public at large are presented a consistent, accurate, and positive
portrayal of what we do. Included in this task would be to create
procedures and a reporting structure for HacDC to document its own
activities (e.g. annual reports).

• The PDC should re-examine avenues for recruitment and retention of
members, as well as assessing members’ satisfaction and future needs.

• The PDC should assess, report upon, and make proposals as needed for
the suitable enhancement of the strong educational component of HacDC’s
mission.

A PDC report including recommendations would be delivered to the board
in a timely manner, with all action items requiring a vote at a
subsequent regular members’ meeting. Interim reports would recur at
intervals to be decided by the board.

Again, it is my feeling that we need to look at the big picture and
develop a coordinated set of plans in response to our current fiscal and
organizational challenges. Friendly amendments in the spirit of this
proposal are welcome and invited.

-   

**A proposal that the SEM and the Museum should be made official HacDC
Projects will be submitted for consideration at the next meeting.** **A
proposal to change the HacDC storage and disposition policy will be
submitted for consideration at the next meeting.**

## New Members

-   Andrew

Found out about HacDC through a Maker Faire. Joined through HARC,
interested in Amateur radio. Works as a scientist, pharmacology. Has a
PhD.

-   James

Came by and has been working on 3D printers with Julia and Mirage. Works
as a Sys Admin for a small company.

Both approved

## Adjournment

Adjourned at 9:01 by Celeste

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
