`{{TOCright}}`{=mediawiki}

## Time and Location {#time_and_location}

:   Date
:   Called to order at 19:40 pm by ???
:   Members present: Tristan, Gabe, Kevin, Matt, Michelle
:   Members remote:
:   Others present: Si, Michael Wang, Calli
:   [Quorum](Quorum)

    :   Quorum met? Yes

## [Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes](Regular_Member_Meeting_2022_12_13) {#approval_of_previous_meetings_minutes}

Approved.

## Recognition

-   Gabe for fixing the old server (jobs / renderman)
-   Obi for filling in last month
-   Tristan for addin a new course (Nix)

## New Members {#new_members}

-   Calli

## Old Business {#old_business}

-   LaserCutter repair: Tristan and Calliope are working on bringing it
    back to life.
    -   Adding safety locks.
    -   Create safety documents.
    -   Tristan posted a link to [OSHA's Laser Hazards
        page](https://www.osha.gov/laser-hazards).
    -   Kevin has [old notes from MLK Library Fab Lab training /
        certification](https://miskellanie.blogspot.com/2015/09/adventures-in-laser-cutting.html)
    -   Get information on goggles: What to buy, where to buy, etc.
    -   See also and **ADD TO / IMPROVE**:
        -   [Cheap Chinese Laser](Cheap_Chinese_Laser)
        -   [Laser Cutter Settings](Laser_Cutter_Settings)

## New Business {#new_business}

-   Elections
    -   Michelle is stepping down as president at the end of her term.
        (Building a house, doing more bio research with John Hopkins,
        etc.)
    -   Matt's third year as treasurer is up.
    -   Kevin reluctant to be on the board again, but could do Secretary
        if push comes to shove.
    -   Tentative slate: Obi for President, Tristan for Treasurer, Draft
        Phil Shapiro for.. At-Large?, Matt may also do At-Large
        -   Michelle will reach out to Phil
-   Reach out to the wider hackerspace community for better training,
    -   [Nation of Makers](https://www.nationofmakers.us/)
        -   Dorothy Jones-Davis has stepped down as Executive Director
            at Nation of Makers
        -   \$350 per year membership
-   Chris Knight and Daniel Aaron are interested in cyber-security /
    Capture the Flag etc, on the server Chris is bringing to life.
-   Possible one-off courses.
    -   Calli offering to run a small series on web scraping/indexing,
        or perhaps user experience design.
    -   Tristan talking about Capture the Flag and/or FreeCAD class.
    -   Combine Web Scraping and Machine Learning classes
-   Use Discord more.
-   HacDC automated phone service not working? Again? According to a
    visitor on Jan 5 Visitors' Night, the phone menu is still there, but
    no longer rings the space, and somewhere else in the tree it says
    the space has been "closed since March" (year unspecified). Revert
    to a regular phone.

## [Project Awesome](:Category:Project_Awesome) Reports {#project_awesome_reports}

### Project SUPPLIES - ??? {#project_supplies__}

### Project EXPANSION - ??? {#project_expansion__}

### Project HAMRADIO - ??? {#project_hamradio__}

### Project Electron Microscope (SEM) - ??? {#project_electron_microscope_sem__}

### Project Media Outreach - ??? {#project_media_outreach__}

### Project IT Infrastructure - ??? {#project_it_infrastructure__}

## Member Reports {#member_reports}

## Director Reports (Governance related stuff) {#director_reports_governance_related_stuff}

### President's Report {#presidents_report}

### Vice President's Report {#vice_presidents_report}

### Treasurer's Report {#treasurers_report}

-   When Coinbase hits \$400 we're pulling the money out of that.
    \$458.00 at present.
-   Jeffrey Dahn gave \$15
-   Changing the reporting schedule from "meeting-to-meeting" to
    "1st-of-month-to-1st-of-month". This means the current report is a
    few days short.
-   In cooperation with MoCo Makers / [DMV Petri
    Dish](https://discord.gg/amq48RTy), money was won at the [Hack for
    NF - Children's Tumor Foundation](https://hack4nf.bemyapp.com/),
    some of which was donated (we think) to HacDC.

### Secretary's Report {#secretarys_report}

### Director-at-Large Reports {#director_at_large_reports}

#### Gabe

#### John

## Adjournment

Adjourned by at 8:46 by Michelle

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
