`{{TOCright}}`{=mediawiki}

## Time and Location

:   May 12, 2015
:   Called to order at 20:00 by Celeste
:   Members present: Celeste, Julia, Phil, Dan, Ben, Mike
:   Members remote: ag4ve, summakor, Hunterkll,
:   Others present: Ethan
:   [Quorum](Quorum)

    :   Quorum met? Need 10. Have 9. No

## Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes

[Regular Member Meeting 2015 04
14](Regular_Member_Meeting_2015_04_14)

## Recognition

-   HARC for cleaning up the classroom

## Director Reports

### President's Report

-   Stuff under tables in the classroom will be
    moved/removed/cleaned/cleared. If you have a project that needs to
    be in the classroom and doesn't have a home talk to me.
-   Several event leaders have asked for local storage in the space for
    event supplies. We are working on a policy to utilize the shelves in
    the lab on the far wall by the windows.

### Vice President's Report

Need a suitably sized electronic door strike for the new RFID/occupancy
system. Everything else is ready, including a WYSE terminal for
configuration tasks, mounted to a steel rackmount case.

Have a working LulzBot Taz 3D printer, also configured as a 3W UV laser
cutter. Expect this to make a big difference at HacDC, contributing
replacement parts for equipment like the CO2 laser cutter.

### Treasurer's Report

### Secretary's Report

It's been a very busy month. At least I'm not around to read this.

**Bins**: We got bins from Radioshack, thanks to Travis for acquiring
them and Don and myself for transporting and moving them up to the
space. They are not empty; there are quite a few parts in the drawers.
Now we urgently need to have a workshop reorganization day. There's lots
of wood materiel and rarely used things on the high shelves that can be
moved down to the basement to make room for the more often used stuff.

**Basement**: I finished emptying out the Trash pile. Anything still
remaining in the Outgoing shelves tonight is going into the new Trash
pile. I will do that in the next few days and re-open the Outgoing
shelves. Julia wanted the Microwave - anybody else want anything from
Outgoing before it's trash? Let me know. That radio tower is cumbersome;
let's get it up on the roof as soon as they're done with the solar
panels.

Next month our new storage policy is due to take effect. However,
**nobody has specifically requested any storage space**. The point of
delaying the implementation was to gradually begin assigning storage
custodians but that's not happening so far. Who wants storage space?
Please tell the BOD if and how much you need. Servers? Museum? Computer
Parts? HARC? 3D Printers? I'll start: I would like 2x2x2' of space
somewhere, if only to begin an inventory. We need an inventory format;
spreadsheets are easy, databases are better... We also need to clear
another similarly sized space for any new members that want storage
space. I'll make the space if nobody else does.

**SEM** (if Hunter is not around to say it): We actually had a small SEM
Workday and got the (expensive) microscope vacuum system to fully
operate, if briefly. Some more work is needed to make it operate
reliably and find out why it shuts down. Also the console is once again
outputting something rational to the display (TV). If someone moved or
took the ViewSonic Composite-In-VGA-Out converter box thing, please
bring it back! Oh and there's a bunch of thumbtacks by the capacitor
banks that should be carefully, safely removed.

**Beginners Python Meet** (if Ann is not around to say it): Ann M.
hosted a Women Who Code Meetup, Beginners Python at the space last week,
which brought about 10 people into the space (RSVP was full already).
Ann (and others) want to teach recurring multi-week classes at HacDC,
charge for enrollment and split the revenue between the instructor and
HacDC. Sounds like a good idea to me.

**Cypherpunks Meet**: I am trying to host a Cypherpunks United meet
(encryption, web of trust, keyring management, key signing party) at the
space, likely Tuesday June 16 or Thursday June 18. Interest may already
exceed our classroom space so I reserved the auditorium that Tuesday and
will try to get the meet scheduled then (I don't run that meetup).

**Administrative**: I finally got the password to the
"secretary@hacdc.org" account and access to a reasonably up-to-date
membership roster this last week. I hope Julia will get the necessary
access to our financial accounts soon so we can update this roster. Like
I said, it's been a busy week.

**Policy**: The idea of renting out the space to an outside organization
came up. HacDC has done this before, specifically with Motley Fool a few
years ago and netted close to \$1,000 for it. We should have a
discussion of what we want and don't want to do. Rent the space out to
anyone? Non-Profits only? Organizations aligned with our mission only?
Are we willing to reschedule our recurring events to accomodate these
groups? How badly do we need the extra income?

**Reminders to others**: CFC application status, check from the Phillips
Collection, National Maker Faire, I-COM Radio Status, FCC License

### Director-at-Large Reports

#### Don

#### Phil

## [Project Awesome](:Category:Project_Awesome) Reports

### Project LASER

### Project BYZANTIUM

### Project KITBUILD

### Project SUPPLIES

No expenditures this month.

### Project EXPANSION

No expenditures this month.

### Project HAMRADIO

## Member Reports

## Old Business

## New Business

## New Members

## Adjournment

Adjourned by XXX at XXX.

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
