`{{TOCright}}`{=mediawiki}

## Time and Location {#time_and_location}

:   Date Tue 12 Apr 2022
:   Called to order at 7:37 pm by Michelle Savage
:   Members present: Tayeb, Michelle, Oby, Matt, Gabe
:   Members remote:
:   Others present: Jason
:   [Quorum](Quorum)

    :   Quorum met? Yes

## Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes {#approval_of_previous_meetings_minutes}

Approved

## Recognition

Tayeb for opening up the space for the first time, well received

## New Members {#new_members}

Edwin -- Michelle and Tayeb to follow up

## Old Business {#old_business}

1.  **Workspace Opening Up** - status update

`-- Open project night was successful, planning to have the next event in person next Monday. Covid rules same as before, expect vaccination, default to most cautious member.`

1.  **Resources for Instructors** - on website, could include: list of
    tools available to instructors and process for requesting access
    (Zoom, Google Groups). How are Tristan/Ethan doing with Jitsi?

`-- Microfab Mondays worked with Google Meet yesterday, fewer people but the system of using the "@hacdc" email worked`

1.  **UpCycled** - Mario in touch with Orlando on potential
    collaboration related to recycling; see [past
    fundraiser](https://www.eventbrite.com/e/waste-to-wonder-happy-hour-tickets-223441719197?aff=ebdsoporgprofile#).

`-- Mario and Michelle interested in recycling and entrepreneurial endeavors. Talked to someone in NYC, gave rundown on what is necessary if members are interested. Getting tabled for a few months, revisit later this spring. Tristan notes interest, and potential for generating 3d printer filament material.`

1.  **[Farm
    Hack](https://marylandorganic.org/2016/02/05/open-source-agricultural-tools-with-farm-hack/)** -
    Michelle interest in non-profit of farmers who hack things together
    to promote sustainable agriculture, maybe invite leadership to talk
    for 5 minutes

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
1.  [ECE Conference on March
    25](https://www.ecedha.org/Meetings/2022-ECEDHA-Annual-Conference) -
    annual conference hosted by Electrical and Computer Engineering
    Department Head Association (ECEDHA) this year in New Orleans LA
    invited Tayeb and Michelle to speak on hackerspace-related panels
    (yay! we found panelists). Goals: promote HacDC, find well-resourced
    partners, represent HacDC well.

-- Much offered grant writing support, Tayeb mentions Alan offer for NSF
grant writing support for adult learning proposal (course support)

## New Business {#new_business}

1.  Basement cleanup

-- Spring cleaning: John, Brian, and Michelle going to make a first pass
to assess water damage and tag items. Second part is actual inventory +
social aspect and see if people want to volunteer to see if things are
working and/or need to be discarded. Anyone interested please contact
Michelle. Tristan volunteers for tagging phase

1.  Discuss purchase of new filament

-- Mostly inexpensive, need semi-clear plastic box that seals, need
anhydrous dessicant (reusable beads), need two gallon ziploc baggies,
and then lastly need the filament (PLA, PETG, couple rolls of
Ninjaflex). Potential supplier: <https://www.villageplastics.com/>

1.  Rockville Science Day

-- Tayeb to send out email to assess who is interested

## Member Reports {#member_reports}

## Director Reports (Governance related stuff) {#director_reports_governance_related_stuff}

### President's Report {#presidents_report}

### Vice President's Report {#vice_presidents_report}

### Treasurer's Report {#treasurers_report}

Treasurer notes that Luis Granados was incorrectly listed but now Edwin
is a paying member so member number remains the same at 21. \$220 net
increase in the balance.

### Secretary's Report {#secretarys_report}

### Director-at-Large Reports {#director_at_large_reports}

## Adjournment

Adjourned by at 8:24 by Michelle

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
