`{{TOCright}}`{=mediawiki}

## Time and Location {#time_and_location}

:   Date: February 16th, 2021
:   Called to order at 7:40 pm by Karen
:   Members present: (7) Karen, Ken, Luis, Matt, Tayeb, Kevin, John,
    Oby, Michelle, Gabriel Altay
:   Members remote: None
:   Others present: Isaiah
:   [Quorum](Quorum)

    :   Quorum met? Yes

## Approval of [Previous Meeting's Minutes](Regular_Member_Meeting_2020_12_08) {#approval_of_previous_meetings_minutes}

Approved

## Recognition

## New Members {#new_members}

## Old Business {#old_business}

-   John: Time of year to talk to Mike about the future years rent
    situation -- should we reach out to Mike or wait for him to reach
    out to us? Update: Meeting with Mike on the 27th of January, BOD to
    meet at Tuesday 6:30 day prior to discuss.

Meeting with Mike has happened -- Karen: The rent should not jump up to
\$1400 again we should re-ask Mike whether the rent will slowly adjust
(\$1043 first) John: Basement is continuing to flood -- stopping the
basement from flooding is essential for continued use of the basement
Tayeb: Rent laser cutter for use with contractor services Michelle:
Creating a revenue stream, wondering if we had polled our members to see
what kind of programming would be most useful for them. John: HacDC Ham
radio club used SurveyMonkey to assess priorities and was useful, could
be used with Blabber+members -- use Meetup as well. Michelle volunteers
to meet with Tayeb to design survey and then work with board Need to
work to develop non-dues revenue -- ask for \$5-10 per event as a
donation Isaiah: My experience is the best way to raise money is to have
sponsorships -- Kevin: used to have sponsorships in the past, Adafruit
or other companies that sold electronics. Michelle: Happy to reach out
to network of technology companies. Matt: have done sponsorship in the
past Karen: We need to be tracking how many people are at events (online
or otherwise) and using the space. Do the dues need to be structured
differently? Karen: Venmo is stupid when it comes to organizations, gave
up. Look at Amazon Smile, and Humble Bundle and other similar websites
Look into matching donations with Michelle John: For people who are
member's, appeal for donations that could be matched, but not the same
as a membership fee

-   Tayeb: Ken, Kevin, Tayeb, Obi and Luis currently meeting and have
    plans for kickstarting the weekly course meetings in the following
    weeks. To send update on the members email list and reach out to
    Words Beats and Life.

## New Business {#new_business}

-   2021 HacDC Board Elections:

Slate of Candidates -- Tayeb: President, John: Vice-President, Michelle:
Secretary, Matt: Treasurer, Brian: At-Large, Gabe Altay: At-Large

## [Project Awesome](:Category:Project_Awesome) Reports {#project_awesome_reports}

### Project HAMRADIO - Jeff {#project_hamradio___jeff}

### Project Electron Microscope (SEM) {#project_electron_microscope_sem}

## Member Reports {#member_reports}

## Director Reports (Governance related stuff) {#director_reports_governance_related_stuff}

### President's Report {#presidents_report}

### Vice President's Report {#vice_presidents_report}

### Treasurer's Report {#treasurers_report}

Financial Report: Current Balance -- \$13712 We currently have 17 paying
members, \$930 from dues and an additional \$120 from donations. Rent is
\$732 for September, total expenses are \$793

### Secretary's Report {#secretarys_report}

### Director-at-Large Reports {#director_at_large_reports}

## Adjournment

Adjourned by at 20:52 by Karen

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
