`{{TOCright}}`{=mediawiki}

## Time and Location {#time_and_location}

:   December 9, 2014
:   Called to order at 19:34 by Dan B.
:   Members present: Dan B, Enrique, Kevin, Phil, Mirage, Don, Katie,
    Travis, Celeste, Zack, Chris, Shawn
:   Members remote: Jamie ITG
:   Others present: Camilla, Rob, Xavier, Randy

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```

:   [Quorum](Quorum)?

    :   Quorum met? Yes.

## Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes {#approval_of_previous_meetings_minutes}

[Regular Member Meeting 2014 11
18](Regular_Member_Meeting_2014_11_18)

## Recognition

-   Anonymous \$100 donor
-   Dan Barlow - Nose to the grindstone, CNC milling ground drone parts.
-   Don Jones - Grant research, equipment setup, and maintaining
    friendly relations with the Church.
-   Lee Ciereszko - License plate proceeds and other donations to
    HAMRADIO.

## Director Reports {#director_reports}

### President's Report {#presidents_report}

We have cards for the security guards, please sign them.

Declares that our next Annual Meeting will be Saturday, January 10th,
2015 at 3pm.

We've had some debate over how to approach HacDC's funding and
financing. "I want everyone to think about one thing that they
personally can do to help HacDC generate revenue."

### Vice President's Report {#vice_presidents_report}

-   I should have some green tomato jam for people to try tonight
    -   Forgot to bring it tonight.
-   The blue tubing is for running fiber to the basement via the network
    closet. appologies for leaving it hanging around.
-   No further info about the comcast upgrade yet. They have to dig a
    trench to the church from a few doors down so it should be apparent
    when that happens.
    -   Estimated completion date is 12/22.
-   Just some reminders:
    -   The internet upgrade (71/15 + 3/3) is for the whole church (10+
        other tennants) not just us. We need to keep our outbound
        traffic to a normal (for us) level once it's in. We need to at
        least get a baseline of "normal" useage before we get to
        pounding out the packets to the internet. So hosting websites
        and other services to the outside world won't happen until we're
        confident of how much bandwidth "normal" useage entials. I don't
        expect that we will need to be super stingy on the upload
        bandwidth but we need to know that "normal" isn't being squished
        by us running remote desktop protocols and webservers and
        proxies. Meaning quality of service for the other tennants isn't
        being unduely restricted by our using a disproportionate amount
        of upload bandwidth from the start.
    -   The front table isn't a good place to leave random things it's
        supposed to be there to display **our** propaganda.

### Treasurer's Report {#treasurers_report}

Here is the financial summary spreadsheet for November 2014:
![](HacDC_Financials_2014_11.pdf "HacDC_Financials_2014_11.pdf"). We
gained Christine Axsmith as a new member. We have 42 dues-paying members
in good standing and 6 dues-waived members.

I'll put together materials for HacDC to [apply to be part of the 2015
Combined Federal Campaign of the National Capital
Area](http://cfcnca.org/charities-federations/charity-applications/2015-application-info),
which will provide an easy way for federal workers to donate to us.

#### Project Awesome {#project_awesome}

Here is the Project Awesome spreadsheet for November:
![](HacDC_PA_Projects-2014_11.pdf "HacDC_PA_Projects-2014_11.pdf"). We
continue to have to dip into savings to pay our rent, so no dividend
this month. :( In accordance with [Project Awesome
Rules](Project_Awesome_Rules), Project SPACECAM was canceled
and its \$50 balance returned to our unallocated reserves.

### Secretary's Report {#secretarys_report}

Nothing special to report.

### Director-at-Large Reports {#director_at_large_reports}

#### Travis

We received a donation of a functional analog projector. Members need to
make sure the big red doors are kept locked after 10pm. Building a CNC
for member use. 2x3 foot build area.

#### Zack

Nothing to report.

## [Project Awesome](:Category:Project_Awesome) Reports {#project_awesome_reports}

### Project LASER {#project_laser}

Haven't done anything, because busy with the robots.

### Project BYZANTIUM {#project_byzantium}

-   work has begun on a new type of system
    -   inorder to meet the needs of the many developers who have wanted
        to use subsets of byzantium we are making a modular set of
        packages and then slapping them in a liveCD as an deployment
        method.
    -   we are also limiting the scope of features to groundstation (and
        associated systems) and automated mesh configuration.
-   Will seek written permission to move the remaining grant funds into
    the general fund.

### Project KITBUILD {#project_kitbuild}

No news due to busy-ness.

### Project SUPPLIES {#project_supplies}

Still conservative. SEM filament expense reimbursed.

### Project EXPANSION {#project_expansion}

Still conservative.

### Project HAMRADIO {#project_hamradio}

No update.

## Member Reports {#member_reports}

### Mirage?

-   [Shimmer](Shimmer). New Shell/VPS server online, along
    with Gentoo/Funtoo build service. Please request an account.
-   Taken over RFID project. Planning to use NetPLC as the
    inter-connected high-reliability brains. Will not affect regular key
    entry.
-   Still eagerly looking into more revenue sources.
    -   Visitor stopped by from MA hackerspace, has relationship with
        Intel and can help us seek funding. On the back of the brocure
        is their membership dues: base of \$50 with pay for use of some
        tools, \$75 for unlimited access, corporate level that allows
        scheduling of some time on the tools.
-   Will fix the 3D printer.

### Julia

-   PRESENTING AT CCC :D
    -   Presenting [3D Printed Aluminum
        Casting](https://events.ccc.de/congress/2014/Fahrplan/events/6417.html)
        (self signed) at 31C3

### Phil

Put up a proposal on the list for addressing the direction and finances
of the organization. Wants people to take a look and comment on the
proposal.

### Don

Radio club made over 2,000 contacts in the last month. We'll get some
QSL cards printed and do some mailers to HAM operators in the area to
try and recruit new members. We have contacted 130 countries.

### Dan

Please be respectful of each other and the space. Clean up after
yourself. Communicate clearly and calmly with others.

There have been some behavior problems, and it is causing friction
between members and between us and the church.

### Hunter

    20:28 < Hunterkll> SEM - filmanet installed and electrically tests good
    20:29 < Hunterkll> High voltage circutiry getting a workdown. Will approach it this weekend
    20:29 < Hunterkll> We have workable vaccuum at the levels needed for beam generation and imagery
    20:29 < Hunterkll> microprocessor in the control panel is 100% functional, even though it's not required for image taking, it's nice to have
    20:30 < Hunterkll> I'm working with someone on getting a spare / slightly different vacuum control/interlock board as well for a spare, that's a 
                       failure component that's board replaceable, but i'll be taking a trip to new york to acquire more parts as well as this board i'm 
                       working on getting
    20:30 < Hunterkll> If HV checks out, i should be generating a beam in the next few weeks, if not an image.
    20:31 < Hunterkll> Control panel is fully functional except for a few toggle switches, and those are mechanical (switch) issues, not circuit. i can 
                       manually trigger the circuitry
    20:31 < Hunterkll> Cam1lla, we'd like to have some 1gbit SFP modules for fiber runs for the network infrastructure if it hasn't been mentione dbefore
    20:31 < Hunterkll> and LC-LC connectored (or adapted) fiber
    20:32 < Hunterkll> we'll need at least one 100ft (prefferably greater, but we think 100ft will be enough. couplers can compensate if not) LC-LC 
                       connectored run
    20:32 < Hunterkll> hax can fill in a bit about this if he's there
    20:32 < Hunterkll> this is for inter-switch linking on the core side
    20:33 < Hunterkll> better bandwidth for internal services and reliability on connection runs
    20:33 < Hunterkll> (file server, VMs, etc)
    20:33 < Hunterkll> otherwise, a 19 inch network breakout rack
    20:33 < Hunterkll> one of those 2U units that mounts to a wall that can hold a switch
    20:33 < Hunterkll> we acquired one, but it wasn't deep enough
    20:34 < Hunterkll> we have a 24 port patch panel for it, but the switch didn't fit :(
    20:34 < Hunterkll> trying to get it all off shelving areas to return usable space in that section
    20:35 < Hunterkll> none of this is required, but it's been some stuff we've been discussing for a while to get things better organized and connected
    20:36 < Hunterkll> been putting a lot of effort into gear acquisition on all of our parts (A-KO, ITG, Hax, me, etc) so we can start making things work 
                       smoother and less breaky and annoying

## Old Business {#old_business}

## New Business {#new_business}

## New Members {#new_members}

### Camilla

Been in DC for a year, walks dogs. Big fan of Linux. Interested in user
interface stuff. Mirage sponsors, Phil seconds. Membership approved.

### Randy Brown {#randy_brown}

Visited a year ago. Very impressed with the stuff we do (3d printers,
laser cutter). Interested in exploring what HacDC is about. Not sure
about becoming a member yet.

### Xavier

Spoke at the Cryptoparty. Interested in security. Offered to teach about
security if anyone is interested.

## Adjournment

Adjourned at 8:36 by Dan B

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
