**Note:** This page serves as the 2011-09-13 Member Meeting's agenda
(before the meeting) and minutes (after the meeting).

## Time and Location

September 13, 2011

Meeting called to order at \_\_07:40\_\_ by: Red Beard

Members Present: Red Beard, Alberto, Elliot, Jamie, Ben the Pyrate, Tim
S, Phil, David, Chris, John, Martin, Xaq, Toast, Brad

Others Present: Danny, Steve, Sean, Richard, Adam, Bill

[Quorum](Quorum) met? Yes

## Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes

[Regular Member Meeting 2011 07
12](Regular_Member_Meeting_2011_07_12) Approved [Regular
Member Meeting 2011 08 09](Regular_Member_Meeting_2011_08_09)
Approved

## Director Reports

### President's Report

Traveled 30,000 miles. Hounding AgentSilverfox over GGHC. Hounding
Element14 about GGHC. Got us an Eagle license, but only a single-user
license. (Eagle is a CAD software for circuit boards.) Handed out about
250 HacDC pamphlets

### Vice President's Report

Moving to Germany (Munich) next week. :,( Resigning. :,( :,(

We have the equipment for the intercom install. Does anyone want to take
over project? (Talk to Elliot after the meeting.) Church is giving us
\$2000 for doing the installation. Need to run wires for intercom and
new door lock.

Elliot will become an Honorary (non-voting) member until he returns to
the area.

### Treasurer's Report (Tim Slagle)

Here is the Aug 2011 financial summary:
<file:HacDC_Financials_Aug_2011.pdf>

We were about \$100 behind in August despite adding some members - now
at 46 paying members. We gained two (soon to be) members (Sean Rutledge
and Bill Babson), lost one member (Micheal Epstein) and had one
non-paying member who will be dropped next month.

I cancelled our QuickBooks Online subscription after dumping all the
data to printouts. The spreadsheets I am maintaining should cover what
we need for tax reporting.

We paid a \$20 chargeback fee because a (now former) member decided to
get his July 2011 dues payment back from the credit card company instead
of contacting us and asking for a refund or replying to the emails I
sent. If you need to cancel your membership or have any questions about
your payments, **please** contact me (treasurer@hacdc.org) or any of the
officers and let us know. Please **don't** contest the charges or file a
dispute with PayPal without talking to us first!

### Secretary's Report

Thoftware Thursdays are fun!

### Director-at-Large Reports

#### Toast

Had another Zine event at the space. People had fun.

#### Brad B

Trying to do outreach. 1. Emerge Art Fair will have a piece next week
with HacDC. 2. Talking to people at NIST about connecting the space with
DC public schools. 3. Talking to a woman from the DC public libraries
about doing an LED light show for kids. 4. Trying to keep the space open
more with regular events like {S,Th}oftware Thursdays.

## Member Reports

### Tim Slagle

I (re)applied to Google Grants and we were accepted this time! We now
have an AdWords account with a \$329 daily advertising budget. I created
a sample ad but we could do a lot more with this - specific ads
targeting projects and classes. Does somebody want to manage this? If
you have something you want to promote, think of the ad text and
keywords and we can set up a Google ad for it.

We can also get other Google benefits including a YouTube channel and a
Google Apps account. Applications are in progress and input is welcome,
but we are looking at giving HacDC Apps accounts as a member benefit and
moving mailing lists over to Google Groups (so individual members could
set up their own mailing lists).

Also, Google Checkout is fee-free for us through 2011, is it worth
trying to switch over from PayPal to save \$100/mo in fees? They may
extend the free period as they have in the past. We could set up regular
subscriptions with some XML voodoo that would take me some time to sort
out.

I made a YouTube channel for us:
[HacDCvideos](http://www.youtube.com/user/HacDCvideos) ("HacDC" was
already taken.) Right now there are just playlists of the videos other
people have posted, but we could eventually have recordings of projects,
classes, and events.

### Xaq

RepRap is slowly accumulating functionality. Needs more electronics and
firmware. Got in touch with Artemis (non-member who has an internet
stalker problem), he'll be coming in on Monday. If you can help out
please come by.

### Alberto

Conference in New Castle about connected communities. Giving props to
Byzantium. Somebody with a car please help collect the CNC mill from the
Smithsonian. (Martin and John volunteer.)

### Phil

National Digital Library wants volunteers for a Hackerspace-like-thing
tie in for their activities in DC.

### Brad

Biologist from UM is willing to do a hacker introduction to bio stuff.

## Old Business

## New Business

Authorize up to \$250 to take care of the extension cord using Brian's
electrician. **Approved**

## New Members

### Sean Rutledge

Background in Mechanical Engineering. Got into this stuff through
Burning Man. Does fire performances.

Nominate: Martin Second: Elliot Vote passed

### Bill Babson

HAM. Background in network routing protocols and Unix. Likes taking
stuff apart and making new stuff.

Nominate: Alberto Second: Ben the Pyrate Vote passed

### Adam Green

Software Engineer (C#, VB, Java). Has a mill and needs a place to put
it.

Nominate: Brad Second: Toast Vote passed

### Steve Beuttel

Background in Electronics. Likes metalworking and woodworking. Excited
about space blimp.

Nominate: Second: Martin Vote passed

### Richard Bullington-McGuire

Software architect, tinkerer, beginning hardware hacker. Founder of
Obscure.org a 501c3. Taught classes in Scratch.

Nominate: Alberto Second: Red Beard Vote passed

### Danny

Robotics! Signed up to mentor US First team. Software engineer.

Nominate: Brad Second: Elliot Vote passed

## Adjournment

Adjourned at: 8:35

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
