`{{TOCright}}`{=mediawiki}

## Time and Location

:   Date 2023 05 09
:   Called to order at 7:44 pm by ???
:   Members present: Gabriel, Obi, Don, Jared Brian, Chris, Kevin
:   Members remote:
:   Others present:
:   [Quorum](Quorum)

    :   Quorum met? yes

## [Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes](Regular_Member_Meeting_2023_04_11)

yes

## Recognition

-   matt as the best treasurer! especially meetings at bank

## New Members

-   Matt P
-   Eli B
-   Aurelia D

## Old Business

-   matt got card to get the payment out to mobile citizen for hotspot.
    delivery should be here in about a week.
-   phone service blocked so far
-   SSL cert expired. Cali got in touch with support. Support asked for
    request on letterhead signed by Pres. to be sent to dreamhost. Obi
    will sign and send.
-   Home page calendar issue was fixed by Cali
-   Multi-meter for batteries

## New Business

-   Bringing back movie night at the space. Gabe to make a channel on
    discord to discuss times.
-   Vote passed for one-time gift to our treasurer. Details to follow.
-   Plan to test hotspot internet when it arrives + port forwarding.
-   Check with Jon P about the HAM equipment

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Rewiring project to happen in future days
-   Church door code updated

## [Project Awesome](:Category:Project_Awesome) Reports

### Project SUPPLIES - ???

### Project EXPANSION - ???

### Project HAMRADIO - ???

### Project Electron Microscope (SEM) - ???

### Project Media Outreach - ???

### Project IT Infrastructure - ???

## Member Reports

## Director Reports (Governance related stuff)

### President's Report

### Vice President's Report

### Treasurer's Report

### Secretary's Report

### Director-at-Large Reports

#### Michelle

#### Don / Brian

## Adjournment

Adjourned by at ??? by ???

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
