`{{TOCright}}`{=mediawiki}

## Time and Location

:   October 14, 2014
:   Called to order at \_7:50\_ by \_Dan Barlow\_
:   Members present: Phil, Condew, Haxwithaxe, Ben, Dan, Mirage, Travis,
    Julia, Hunterkill
:   Members remote: Shawn
:   Others present: Don

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```

:   [Quorum](Quorum)? 10

    :   Quorum met? Yes

## Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes

[Regular Member Meeting 2014 09
09](Regular_Member_Meeting_2014_09_09)

## Recognition

-   ag4ve - Cryptoparty organization.
-   Dan Barlow - More progress on the SEM. Continued laser cutter work.
    Cleanup. Awesome guy!
-   Hunter - More progress on the SEM. Successfully assisting remote
    diagnosis and reconnection of the Occupancy Sensor.
-   Julia Longtin - Funding and beginning construction of our Optical
    Table Robot. Supported the cryptoparty. Also obtained much-needed
    upgrade components for the RostockMax.
-   Justin Myers - Taking on SEM filament purchase.
-   Katie - Getting HacDC on eBay. Continuing timely and orderly HacDC
    financial reports.
-   Lee - Getting HacDC on eBay.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Cleanup Participants - Anyone who helped cleanup the space.

## Director Reports

### President's Report

Bugging Dan about the laser cutter actually makes it harder for him to
work on the laser cutter. Lay off for a while.

### Vice President's Report

### Treasurer's Report

Here is the financial summary spreadsheet for September 2014:
![](HacDC_Financials_2014_09.pdf "HacDC_Financials_2014_09.pdf"). We
didn't gain any new members. We lost Andrew Harris and Mike Chelen. We
have 41 dues-paying members in good standing, 7 dues-waived members, and
2 members who are behind on dues.

#### Project Awesome

Here is the Project Awesome spreadsheet for September:
![](HacDC_PA_Projects-2014_09.pdf "HacDC_PA_Projects-2014_09.pdf"). We
continue to have to dip into savings to pay our rent, so no dividend
this month. :(

### Secretary's Report

I put up new bathroom signs. I got a bunch of new keys cut. I got in a
new handle for the Pirate bathroom, it just needs to get installed.

We're still working on the HackDC issue. We've retained legal counsel to
help us. HackDC seems unresponsive to our attempts at a discussion.

### Director-at-Large Reports

Tokutek approached the BoD about using the space for a meetup and I
volunteered to coordinate with them. The event was planned for 10/13,
but was canceled and I'm now working with them to figure out new dates
during the week of 12/15. They'd love for the membership to come out and
hear their tech talk, and there will be beer and pizza for everyone in
attendance.

We should also receive (hopefully soon?) 5 new Intel Edison development
kits that Intel is donating to the space. These are dual-core Atom
processors with an integrated MCU. Watch the blabber list for
announcement of their arrival.

--Zack

## [Project Awesome](:Category:Project_Awesome) Reports

### Project LASER

### Project BYZANTIUM

No significant progress this month.

### Project KITBUILD

### Project SUPPLIES

No expenditures this month. SEM filament has been ordered, and may be
reimbursed soon.

### Project EXPANSION

Would be nice if we had more funding.

### Project SPACECAM

## Member Reports

### mirage335

#### Tyler Durden moved in. {#tyler_durden_moved_in.}

HacDC was a mess this morning, as documented on the mailing list. To
make progress toward usable equipment and stable income, we need to
prevent this from happening ever again.

Let's put up an RFID door entry system ASAP. Would be in favor of any
expenditure, despite our limited finances, to get this done immediately,
not hopefully in six months. As in, paying someone to just get it done
would be fine.

In the meantime, unless there are strong objections, I would like to
install a few webcam enabled WYSE terminals to take photos when the
ambient light changes suddenly (ie. lights on/off). This would record
'before/after' photos, nothing more.

#### Misc

Making progress with other HacDC members to cleanup, build new
equipment, develop business opportunities. Still, our financial
situation is a bit limiting, and we can do more to stay sane.

Have heard about various successes contacting the Fire Station wireless
accesspoint. Let's make it a top priority to deploy something like
[Ubiquity 24GHz backhaul](http://www.ubnt.com/airfiber/airfiber24/)
units at both ends ASAP. Their 900mHz
[basestation](http://www.ubnt.com/airmax/rocketm/) and [highly
directional antennas](http://www.ubnt.com/airmax/airmax-yagi-antenna/)
may also be able to cut through the clutter at 150MBits. We could really
use extra credit from our host.

HacDC's servers are still not available for regular use by members.
Planning to deploy Debian Stable within the next couple weeks, borrowing
a suitable machine tonight.

Much of our equipment is functional, but not accessible. This includes
printers, the plotter, scanners, and more. Clearing shelves and floor
space will create opportunities to deploy these tools, giving members
more opportunities to accomplish projects.

## Old Business

## New Business

-   Approve up to \$300 for a new minifridge.

Julia is going to donate a new minifridge.

## New Members

Don - Does HAM radio, wants to learn other stuff. Recommended by Lee.
Approved.

## Adjournment

Adjourned at \_8:45\_ by \_Dan Barlow\_

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
