`{{TOCright}}`{=mediawiki}

## Time and Location

:   Date
:   Called to order at 2005 pm by Julia
:   Members present: Nancy, Tom, Enrique, Luke, Ethan M, Ken
:   Members remote: ITechGeek
:   Others present: none
:   [Quorum](Quorum)

    :   Quorum met.

## Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes

## Recognition

-   Tom brought in and refurbished a significant number of laptops which
    can be used by guests and students at Intro Linux and similar
    events. Thanks!
-   Nancy has offered to serve as liaison to HSTS, met with Matt and
    wrote up a report for us on what HSTS is doing.
-   Julia, Mirage and Nancy attended the Office of Science and
    Technology national makerspace meeting in DC.
-   Ethan M. donated a nice sheet metal bending and cutting tool, now in
    the basement.

## New Members

## Old Business

## New Business

-   HARC would like a separate bank account; it would be a HacDC account
    that the HARC treasurer would be an authorized user of. It would
    automatically consolidate HARC-earmarked donations and give HARC
    ability to purchase stuff directly, easing some of the workload from
    the HacDC treasurer. DiscussS

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   We need volunteers to staff informational tables at upcoming CFC
    events. Last year we got \$250 without doing any outreach but we
    could probably do much better if we attended some of these events at
    federal agencies. Last year we were invited to NRL but could not
    attend. There are likely similar informational events at NASA, NIST,
    NIH, FDA, FCC, etc, etc, where we could inform people that HacDC is
    a charity they can donate to.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   There is one bylaws amendment pending, awaiting sufficient
    signatures. There is a second bylaws amendment that will be
    presented next month to lower the threshold required for bylaws
    amendments from 3/4ths of all voting members to 3/4ths of votes
    cast.

## Director Reports

### President's Report

### Vice President's Report

### Treasurer's Report

-   We got another \$32 from last year's CFC recently; the total is now
    \$260 or so for 2016.
-   We received a check from our sponsor, Accelebrate, for \$450. It's
    technically in September, not August.
-   Finally done collecting all the membership dues we (I) didn't
    collect in June.
-   We had a \$265 surplus in August, which will be distributed to
    projects.
-   That's \$265 after several significant project purchases, which
    reduced the surplus, which reduces the allocation to projects now.
    The rules state the PA allocation must be based on cash accounting.
    Is that a good idea? Expenses affect the project dividend even when
    income is far above regular expenses.
-   I expect another similar surplus in September thanks to the
    Accelebrate money.

Project balances at the end of JULY... need to update this... Supplies
\$379.71, Expansion \$264.91, Ham Radio \$156.54, SEM \$534.40, OTR
\$2,868.32, CRISPR \$0, SpaceBlimp \$0.

[Media:http://wiki.hacdc.org/index.php/File:HacDC_2016\_-\_Report-9\_(1).pdf](Media:http://wiki.hacdc.org/index.php/File:HacDC_2016_-_Report-9_(1).pdf)

### Secretary's Report

I've been holding our PC repair instruction (destruction) meetup on
Sundays now for a few Sundays running and plan on continuing it every
Sunday afternoon at 4pm in general. We had 3 visitors two weeks ago but
nobody this last Sunday.

We worked on a Dell Poweredge T410 tower server. I would like to put it
into service as an implicitCAD rendering server, which will take about
\$300 under project Expansion or as a new project (Rendering).

We're also very close to getting the classroom laser cutter running. I'm
putting the finishing touches on the vent adapter and we have the
control unit on hand.

Currently member information is kept in a google sheet, which I find
massively inconvenient and difficult to use. I would like to set up a
more customized CRM setup so that we can more easily keep track of up to
date member information.

### Director-at-Large Reports

#### Mike

#### Matt

## [Project Awesome](:Category:Project_Awesome) Reports

### Project SUPPLIES

### Project EXPANSION

### Project HAMRADIO

### Project Electron Microscope (SEM)

### Project Optical Table Robot (OTR)

### Project CRISPR Initiative

Our first attempt at adding antibiotic resistance failed. We tried this
again with several troubleshooting control samples and although the
efficiency was very low, a few bacteria colonies are now growing on the
antibiotic-laced dishes. We're close to putting together a workshop and
also expanding the equipment. We've contacted both the vendor and a
local Maryland lab about obtaining more of the particular consumable
ingredients.

## Member Reports

-   Enrique: I'm starting to put together a monthly HacDC newsletter.
    It's hard for HacDC members (paying membeers) to keep up to date
    with HacDC's activities if they can't stop by the space regularly.
    We have at least four, sometimes five or six events per week now but
    no written summary of them. The Project Reports are a good start, I
    could use help in general, with formatting/layout and getting
    content (I am also not omniscient, don't know all that's going on).
    Ask me!

## Adjournment

Adjourned by at xxx by xxx

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
