## Time and Location

November 10, 2009 Meeting called to order at 7:40 PM by President

Members Present: Martin, TC, Timball, Serge, Philip, Brian (redbeard),
Elliot, Daniel, [User:Katie](User:Katie), Dave, Dan Barlow

Others: [User:NikolasCo](User:NikolasCo), James

[Quorum](Quorum) determined to be present.

## Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes

Absence of [quorum](quorum) prevented October 2009 meeting,
so the [September 2009 meeting
minutes](http://hacdc.org/wiki/september-09-meeting-minutes) were
presented and approved without objection.

## Consent Agenda

There were no items in tonight's consent agenda.

## Minister Reports

### President's Report

Elliot reported that our lease with the church is up for renewal in
January, and he will be discussing the potential terms with the parish
coordinator soon.

### Treasurer's Report

TC reported that in October 2009, 30 members paid dues via Paypal, and 2
Friends of HacDC donated via Payal. Checks went out for rent, Martin's
reimbursement for sodas and shelves, and Katie's reimbursement for
stickers. We're still paying \$100/month for a POS lease that we want to
end ASAP. As of Nov 10th, HacDC has \$3568 in checking and \$75
deposited with paypal and \$800 in transit from paypal.

### Vice President's Report

The design and printing of quartersheets is on hold while we consider
alternative physical spaces over the next few months.

### Secretary's Report

The secretary was absent due to H1N1. :(

## Member Reports

Dan Barlow reported that a friend his from New Jersey donated some
aluminum and plastic boxes (now in the basement) that could be used for
project cases. Also, he suggests using some newly-procured bond paper
with the plotter and some creativity to print some neat stuff.

Martin reported that the church's PBX got switched out yesterday.

Daniel reported that while this Friday's keysigning party will probably
be postponed, next week's [LightningTalks](LightningTalks)
are still on and have open slots for speakers.

Serge reports that [MappingDC](http://mappingdc.org/) will have a
mapping party in about a week an a half.

Dave reports that there's now a wifi access point in the sanctuary â€“
will see about getting port turned on.

## Old Business

(The below items probably don't belong in this section because they're
not items to be voted on.)

501c3 Application status: Philip reports that section 4 of our [Form
1023 Draft](Form_1023_Draft) is being re-worked. The draft
will be distributed soon to members for feedback.

[SpaceSearch](SpaceSearch): Some members have casually
checked out a couple of potential spaces that are for rent, from the
outside. The V Street space bears further investigation. Daniel suggests
looking to sublet space from light machine shops. Elliot mentioned [52 O
Street Studios](http://www.52ostreetstudios.org/) as a community art
space that may well have space for rent.

[Bylaws Amendments](Bylaws_Amendments): The member signatures
supporting [Bylaws Amendment 1: Revise
Quorum](Bylaws_Amendment_1:_Revise_Quorum) are on pages
affixed to the back of our door, and there appear to be enough. The
signature pages for later amendments do not appear to be in the space;
will check with the secretary when he's feeling better.

## New Business

Prospective new member [User:NikolasCo](User:NikolasCo)
introduced himself, was nominated for membership, and was unanimously
approved.

Serge proposed setting up a budget for kit-building events. After some
discussion, it was agreed that a budget is probably not necessary, and
in any case the proposal is not specific enough to vote on.

## Adjournment

The meeting adjourned at 8:29 PM.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

[Category:Meeting_Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
