## Time and Location {#time_and_location}

March 10, 2009 Meeting called to order at 7:39 PM by Coordinator in
Chief Elliot Williams.

Members Present: Tim C, Ben S, Member 43, Dan B, Martin R, Derek C,
Katie B, Tim B, Elliot W, Dave

[Quorum](Quorum) determined to be present.

## Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes {#approval_of_previous_meetings_minutes}

[Regular Member Meeting Minutes 2009 03
03](Regular_Member_Meeting_Minutes_2009_03_03) were presented
and amended as follows

-   Derek C allows his real name to be used in the minutes
-   Derek C adds his objection to the Robert's Rules Discussion
-   Member 43 objected to the Robert's Rules Discussion and asked that
    the word "concered" be added.

Approval of Minutes as amended carried with no objections.

## Consent Agenda {#consent_agenda}

-   Robert's Rules of Order Approval was pulled from the consent agenda
    and put in New Business

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   The Meeting Frequency Bylaw change passed, and needs 3/4 of the
    Member's signatures to go into effect.

## Minister Reports {#minister_reports}

### Coordinator in Chief Report {#coordinator_in_chief_report}

The CiC reported being very pleased with progress on the basement space.
He didn't have a chance to speak with the church last week, but will
attempt to this week.

### Minister of Finance Report {#minister_of_finance_report}

We spent \$343.10 on paint.

We're currently running approximately 1 month ahead with cash on hand.

### Minister of Information Report {#minister_of_information_report}

Nothing to report.

### Keeper of the MIBS Report {#keeper_of_the_mibs_report}

Nothing to report.

## Member Reports {#member_reports}

### Member 43, PR Coordinator {#member_43_pr_coordinator}

Member 43 visited the NoVA LUG meeting to give a talk on HacDC. 1 person
from the DC LUG he gave a talk to previously came to HacDC on Monday. He
plans to use Twitter and the Announce mailing list more often to get the
word out about events. Asked for member's to alert him to any other
email lists or resources he should be on to promote HacDC.

### Derek C {#derek_c}

Derek reported HacDC had a good event with Dan Kaminsky last week, but
pointed out that we can do much more at our events to promote HacDC.
Things like promoting the Blabber mailing list and the website
prominently would be good.

### Tim B {#tim_b}

His employer hosted a transparency camp last week where he met Tim
O'Reilly and Craig Newmark. He invited both of them to come to HacDC
when they're in DC next.

## Old Business {#old_business}

### Basement Update {#basement_update}

On Saturday there was a painting party. It took 3 buckets of Dry-Lok to
finish the space. The next step is to pressure wash the floor, then etch
it with an acid and apply a garage epoxy to protect it. That should take
place over the next 2 weekends and will cost approximately \$120.

Ben S moved to approve a \$120 budget to finish the floor in the
basement space.

Elliot M seconded.

There was no opposition, motion carried.

### HacDC Door {#hacdc_door}

Tim is concerned that we have a large number of ex members how have
valid keys to the space, and lots of valuable equipment in the space.

We already have a door strike and locks, but we need the go ahead from
the church to install them, and plans for how the entry device will
work. Member 43 expressed an interest in making sure whatever we did
agrees with the lease of our space.

Tim Ball suggested using an RFID reader that can read smart trip cards.

## New Business {#new_business}

### Election to fill vacant At-Large Seat on the Board of Directors {#election_to_fill_vacant_at_large_seat_on_the_board_of_directors}

Martin R nominated himself as a candidate.

Tim B nominated himself as a candidate.

A vote was held, and Marin R was the winner.

### HacDC Insurance {#hacdc_insurance}

A brief discussion was held on liability insurance for HacDC and Board
Indemnity Insurance. We currently have liability insurance, although we
may need to adjust how much coverage we have. We do not have board
insurance, but Ben S offered that it's expensive and has almost never
held up in court, so it might be a needless expense.

Consensus was that we should look into the insurance that the group
carries.

### Hosting

A discussion of HacDC hosting options took place. We seem to have two
main options: hosting with a hosting company or hosting with a member.
Tim B offered to host at his employer. Tim C also offered to host on his
server at a hosting facility.

Everyone in the room was asked to weigh in on whether they preferred a
professional hosting company or a less costly, but perhaps less reliable
member hosting option. The general consensus seemed to be that paying a
hosting company a small fee each month was worthwhile, although there
were dissenters.

Derek C moved to approve up to \$40 per month for hosting.

Serge Seconded the motion.

Tim C moved to amend the motion to change \$40 to "a reasonable monthly
fee based on industry standards."

Dan seconded.

Derek C objected to the amendment, wanting a precise dollar amount to be
specified.

Ben S expressed support for the "reasonable" language. Tim C also
expressed support for his amendment, arguing that no one thought HacDC
existed to enrich a hosting company, and he'll make sure we don't pay
anything unreasonable.

The amendment to the motion carried.

The motion carried.

### Call List {#call_list}

Member 43 expressed interest in posting a list of emergency numbers in
the space.

Several members questioned the need for such a list.

### Artomatic

Elliot W moved to enter HacDC into Artomatic.

Tim C Seconded.

Elliot explained a bit about how Artomatic works, the costs involved.
The Tims pointed out that a small number of volunteers from HacDC would
be needed to volunteer during Artomatic.

The motion carried without objection.

Elliot asked people to stay after the meeting if they had ideas for
artomatic projects.

### Robert's Rules of Order {#roberts_rules_of_order}

Ben moved to replace the text of the [MIBS Simplified Rules of
Coordinated Consensus through
Chaos](MIBS_Simplified_Rules_of_Coordinated_Consensus_through_Chaos)
from last year with the text "All meetings shall follow the
parliamentary rules of Robert's Rules of Order Newly Revised."

Tim C. Seconded

Derek C Objected, arguing that the bylaws didn't allow the change.

Ben S had already debunked this myth in the meeting agenda notes,
pointing out that the MIBS Rules (AKA standing rules) can be changed at
the annual meeting and the bylaws say we have to follow the MIBS rules.
So this motion was to change the rules, not replace them.

Member 43 offered an amendment to the motion, requiring that there be a
copy of Robert's Rules of Order available for members to read during any
meeting. The amendment carried with no objection.

The motion to approve Robert's Rules of Order carried with no objection.

Ben S donated a copy of Robert's Rules of Order to HacDC.

## Adjournment

The meeting adjourned at 8:46 PM.

[Category:Meeting_Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
