`{{TOCright}}`{=mediawiki}

## Time and Location

:   Date 03/08/2016
:   Called to order at 20:0 pm by Julia Longtin
:   Members present:

Alex Turro Matthew Hines Julia Longtin Kevin Cole Enrique Cobas Bobby
Baum Ethan Waldo Pat KO00

:   Members remote:

Mike Chelin

:   Others present:

Rob Hines Xavier Belanger

:   [Quorum](Quorum)

    :   Quorum met? Yes

## Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes

Previous meeting was the Annual 2016 meeting
<http://wiki.hacdc.org/index.php/Annual_Meeting_2016>

APPROVED

## Recognition

-   We received a huge unsolicited donation from Lee! Thanks Lee!

## Director Reports

### President's Report

### Vice President's Report

-   IT systems have been fine.
-   Attempted to propose an education computer a couple of times but the
    offers were no longer available by the time of purchase. Will keep
    bargain shopping.
-   Working on getting remote ability to restart core firewall and other
    critical IT infrastructure to reduce if not eliminate on-site
    support.
-   Top of shelf in basement has been generating more heat as more
    equipment has been added. We will look at adding a box fan or
    something to better circulate the air in preparation for the summer.
-   HacDC SSL certificate had expired and will have time soon to resolve
    this.
-   Need to shore up documentation in general once infrastructure is
    better understood.
-   With Brian Best exiting from St. Stephens church we will need to
    establish a new point of contact.

### Treasurer's Report

-   I'm the treasurer!
-   Our regular revenue was \$1,510 in January and \$1,280 in February.
    (we lost a few members)
-   Our expenses are \$1,080 per month.
-   A \$1,000 donation increased our reserves from 10 months to 11
    months of expenses. Yay!!
-   About \~\$600 in earmarked 'HARC repeater' donations came in
    December and we spent \$500.
-   I'm distributing January and February raw surpluses (including the
    repeater purchase) to projects:
-   Expansion +\$192.00, Supplies +\$244.63, Ham Radio +\$632.46,
    Electron Microscope +\$436.63, Optical Table Robot +\$301.10.
-   I'm not entirely confident of the Project earmark balances; more
    digging to do.
-   Report spreadsheet is here
    [1](http://wiki.hacdc.org/index.php/File:Treasurer_Report_2016-3.pdf)
-   I filed our tax return with the IRS (a simple 990N postcard,
    submission 10065520160650009925, pending)

### Secretary's Report

I'm in New Delhi. It's probably great. See you next month.

Also, I've done some research on our standing rules. The current page
[Standing Rules](Standing_Rules) should be regarded as up to
date; but not all of the rules have been voted on and some don't really
make sense, or are overlapping with bylaws. There are annotations noting
which rules have been ratified and links citations to relevant sections
of old meeting minutes.

These are available for your perusal and comments; we should consider
voting on the rules which are unratified or they will be removed, and
reviewing some of the older rules. Most of Article IV seems to never
have been voted upon and none of Article V.

For historical reference there are [Proposed Standing
Rules](Proposed_Standing_Rules) and [Old Standing
Rules](Old_Standing_Rules).

Thirdly -- the outgoing pile. I've been unable to discharge my duties
w/r/t the outgoing pile this month; we will keep it open until ahead of
the next meeting and close it with enough time for everyone to go
through it then.

### Director-at-Large Reports

#### Mike

-   Talking with John JP Pohlhaus about how to post to HacDC blog on
    behalf of ham radio club.
-   Encryption: Privacy, Security & Law Enforcement event was well
    attended. Thanks Enrique for organizing & presenting!
-   SSL cert for hacdc.org is expired, I'm happy to help with this.

#### M. "mirage335" {#m._mirage335}

Last time HacDC funded a Laser Cutter, it was a \$3k expense, had to fit
through the door, had marginal size/performance goals, and limited life
expectancy. Additionally, everyone was informed we had better prospects
of building a better machine ourselves. Approximately \$5k budget was
allocated over the history of Project LASER, and another \$1k was spent
on additional tooling.

Now, we hackers have actually demonstrated our prowess, having built a
massive scale laser-cutter in place. We believe it is entirely possible
to offer safety and usability features, comparable to or better than
commercial units. Further, plans are underway to build a smaller
classroom unit for training purposes. Allocating funds to back our
volunteers' hard work will not only ensure timely completion, but also
enable us to achieve decent build quality.

Propose allocating \$3.5k to **Optical Table Robot** from the general
fund, and raise the spending authority for this project to \$1.5k/month.
Absolute priority will be given to these funds being used for the
purposes of (1) commissioning a small classroom CNC machine to include
laser-cuttting, (2) improve basement CNC machine especially in areas of
reliability, safety, and usability, (3) purchase an off-the-shelf laser
cutter from eBay costing less than \$500 only in the event of community
dissatisfaction with our own classroom and basement laser-cutting
machines, and (4) purchase needed equipment to fabricate resources for
building or maintaing CNC machines at HacDC (eg. drill press chuck).

Financially, HacDC is healthy, can afford this, and should expect a
positive return on investing in its volunteer efforts. Our revenue
stream has stabilized around relatively committed members, expenses are
low enough for a few contributors to back up in emergency, cash flow is
positive, and we have over \$12k in the bank. Moreover, policies are now
in place to better protect our investments.

We are now in a great position to do this right. We should.

## Dungeon Master Report

There is a dungeon, and we are working on a rules set for it.

Our first priority was getting the Taig CNC mill back online. This has
been completed, and has been tested.

The bench grinder is toast. dead motor is my guess.

The drillpress has a chuck, but I recommend purchasing a new one. Other
than that it's functional.

Bobby's miter saw is in a usable location.

The lathe looks to be in order, but has not been tested.

The Optical Table Robot needs a PC, and a new microcontroller to replace
the one I ripped out of the rostock. It's laser tube is still
nonfunctional.

## [Project Awesome](:Category:Project_Awesome) Reports

### Project SUPPLIES

Nothing to report.

### Project EXPANSION

Funding the classroom web-conference desktop machine fell through, due
eBay sale closing while other proposals and distractions were under
consideration. Still expecting to fund this, awaiting new proposals.

### Project HAMRADIO

Yaesu International Has shipped our 440 mhz repeater, which will be
installed in late March, early April. Lee, N4TCW and Gonzo, AI1W have
donated Yaesu FT-847 transceivers to Harc. One will be used online for
hf/vhf/uhf and satellite and the other will be used for portable
operations, including Field Day, National Parks on the Air, Arrl Kids
Day and JTOT (Jamboree on the air). HacDC Amateur Radio club continues
to grow. We are sponsoring monthly exam sessions on the second Saturday
of each month. Visit our online hf transceiver at www.remotehams.com

### Project SEM (Electron Microscope)

A replacement vacuum gauge has been acquired out of personal member
funds and is awaiting a day project members are available to install it.
The console is still reporting a filament fail from the plinth, the
vacuum meter still does not light up despite there being an obvious
vacuum, and the vacuum test points still do not register a proper
startup voltage pattern as measured on an equivalent SEM. It is hoped
that a new vacuum gauge will lead to a correct startup voltage pattern
that will ultimately cause the vacuum readout to function so the console
believes there is a proper vacuum for the filament to function
correctly.

Project SEM is still looking for volunteers with solid electrical
engineering background that can consistently commit time to the project.
Engineering schematics are available and we have access to a fully
functioning SEM plinth of the same model and vintage.

### Project OTR (Optical Table Robot)

## Member Reports

### Enrique

-   Event food fund. Many non-profits buy food for their events rather
    than having the organizer pay for the food. We could have a monthly
    'event food budget', try to negotiate sponsorships from local food
    vendors. This idea came up with the Audit Committee.
-   We have two new videos up on YouTube: LCD TV Repair (instructional)
    and Lockpicking (more of a promo).
-   We had two basement work days (I went to one); the electronics
    components are now in the classroom and the woodworking stuff in the
    basement.
-   I also replaced the scope on the workbench with the newly donated
    Tektronics TDS 224. It maybe only 100MHz instead of 150MHz but it's
    much easier to use.
-   The LCD picture frame works again and has updated photos, but needs
    a location.
-   We only have four people for US Science & Engineering Festival so
    far. Please, help.

### mirage335

#### SUPPLIES/EXPANSION PA Status

##### Brief

Have heard a suggestion that SUPPLIES and EXPANSION should not be
handled under the PA structure, because their scope falls more along the
lines of somewhat normal operating expenses or discretionary bugets. The
idea seems to be that, like rent, there should be a monthly budget
allocation separate from PA.

In principle, maybe it makes sense to empower the BoD to made decisions
over funding or custodianship for such budgets. In practice, there were
some good reasons SUPPLIES was established as a PA fund last time the
debate came up.

In short, PA is a complex structure with demonstrated success addressing
fairness, leadership, and prioritization issues. We might want to
empower the board to select the custodian like the Dungeon Master, while
keeping the structure.

##### History - For the record or interested members, we don't need to read this. {#history___for_the_record_or_interested_members_we_dont_need_to_read_this.}

Historically, back in 2013, SUPPLIES was originally [Project
3DP](http://wiki.hacdc.org/index.php/Annual_Meeting_2013#Project_3DP) -
a 3D printer filament fund led by AndyTa. Ideally, we don't want to
charge everyone who uses tiny quantities of filament, especially not for
the purpose of maintaining HacDC equipment. Further, making some
filament available for guest use also brings in more revenue than cost.
Some degree of expertise was also needed to select good quality
filament. On the other hand, it might not be fair to ask all members to
contribute filament funding, whether they see the benefit or not.
General fund expenditures may have been a bit more controversial at the
time - arguably some members had a stronger financial stake.

Project Awesome was created to solve exactly this sort of dilemma -
members can vote for how they want their own dues spent, and a single
leader gets the job done.

Soon, it became obvious that HacDC had the means, and the need, to
fulfill stocking requirements beyond filament and 3D printers. Ink, mill
stock, electronic components, solder, even paper and labels are needed
by a functioning hackerspace. We had multiple active communities with
active projects likely to stall without trivial supplies on hand. And
so, it was [proposed that Project 3DP be converted to Project SUPPLIES
with a wider
scope](http://wiki.hacdc.org/index.php/Regular_Member_Meeting_2013_04_09#Project_3DP).

Even at the time, there were suggestions, particularly from Nootroope
(aka. Alberto), that having supplies on hand were important enough to
justify drawing directly from the general fund at any time. Four
counterarguments prevailed. First, supplies expenses are arguably less
critical, therefore lower priority, than paying rent. PA ensures that
necessary expenses come first. Second, as mentioned above, PA is
inherently fair. Third, we had a strong surplus to provide dividends
anyway. Fourth, with a healthy reserve alreay in the budget, allocating
more funds could wait for a membership meeting. Again, there was an
element of fairness - PA contacts must report every month, and member
votes have a direct say both ways month by month.

Thus, SUPPLIES was established as a PA fund.

At the time, we were bringing in a healthy, increasing surplus every
month. Soon, SUPPLIES was filled to \>\$1k, sufficient to repair
catastrophic damage to multiple HacDC machines if necessary. In effect,
SUPPLIES was exceeding requirements, having become a rapid-response
insurance policy capable of keeping everything going. In fact, to this
day, the balance earned that year has successfully covered important
expenses and enabled us to act on opportunities for about the past two
years. Clearly, SUPPLIES did not need more than trickle funding to
continue indefinitely. And so, [a new project was proposed to make
future funds available for more
purposes](http://wiki.hacdc.org/index.php/Regular_Member_Meeting_2013_11_12#Future_Plans).

Thus, EXPANSION was established as a PA fund.

Buying new equipment is more clearly lower priority than paying rent.
Using a mechanism allowing general-fund draw down without member vote
would be high-risk. Leadership would be important as well. Even at the
time, forseeable opportunities for bikeshedding were endless. Balancing
fairness would be particularly essential, given the greater potential
for controversy with expenditures likely concentrated into just a few
well chosen items. Once again, Project Awesome seemed to be an ideal
structure for such purposes.

Unfortunately, EXPANSION did not fare well as SUPPLIES. Shortly after
establishment, dividends slowed to a trickle, then ceased entirely. As
financial crisis developed, emphasis turned away from high-hopes. Today,
with our critical expenses (ie. rent) reduced to less than stable
income, we are cash positive, and may see new developments through
EXPANSION.

Finally, I encourage everyone to read the
[Project_Awesome_Rules](Project_Awesome_Rules). Many
provisions to give the BoD a final say, safeguards are in place, and
members may always vote to allocate funds as they see fit at a monthly
meeting. One exception to this is that the BoD does not have direct
authority to dismiss a project contact for refusing to dispense funds.
Two workarounds are available - any member can establish a new fund and
request reallocation to it, or the BoD could be given authority to
choose the PoC contact for these particular funds much like the Dungeon
Master.

#### Old Funding Proposals

The two proposals tabled last month were lacking in specific structure,
intended merely to present a choice where to direct resources. Please
consider the current EXPANSION allocation instead.

#### Membership Structure

HacDC has one level of membership - keyholding, voting. Most
hackerspaces don't. Our (euphemistically) unique bylaws make this an
especially inconvenient situation. What alternatives are palatable to
our members?

## Old Business

-   Proposal to allocate \$2,000 for fully recomissioning the
    OpticalTableRobot. (Tabled at the last meeting)
-   Proposal to allocate \$500 for an off-the-shelf throw-away eBay
    laser cutter. - (Tabled at the last meeting)

## New Business

-   Propose that we allocate \$100 from our general fund for card and a
    gift for Brian, Saint Stephen's departing administrator. We can
    brainstorm what the gift should be; maybe lots of sunscreen since
    he's moving to a sunny desert place.
-   Reimburse Enrique \$89.94 x 2 for MeetUp organizer fees. (then note
    that we are paying \$180/yr for
    MeetUp.)[Media:Meetup-2015-8.pdf](Media:Meetup-2015-8.pdf)[Media:Meetup-2016-2.pdf](Media:Meetup-2016-2.pdf)

## New Members

Xavier Belaager

## Adjournment

Adjourned by at xxx by xxx

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
