`{{TOCright}}`{=mediawiki}

## Time and Location {#time_and_location}

:   April 14, 2015
:   Called to order at 7:40ish by Celeste
:   Members present: Mirage(VP), Condew, James, Julia, Jamie, Bill B.,
    Don(D), Celeste(P), Phil(D), Enrique(S)
:   Members remote: Hunter
:   Others present: New guests Travis, Rob, Deepak

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```

:   [Quorum](Quorum)

    :   Quorum met? Yes. 10.

## Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes {#approval_of_previous_meetings_minutes}

[Regular Member Meeting 2015 03
10](Regular_Member_Meeting_2015_03_10)

## Recognition

-   3D Printing at Phillips Collection Event

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Dan Barlow - Teaching CNC mill class.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   nootrope - Arranging Phillips opportunity.
-   Don Jones - Acquiring ham radio gear, seeking local opportiunities.
-   Julia Longtin - Many things. Pitching in many hours to make our
    presence at Phillips a success, volunteering for Treasurer, teaching
    3D printer Thursdays, and more.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Ben Mendis - Providing laptop for Kinect 3D scanning.
-   Andrew Brown - Manning 3D scanners at Phillips.
-   Zachariah Mully - Manning 3D scanners at Phillips.
-   Travis Brown - for serving as treasurer, handling much of the CFC
    application and helping out with the Phillips Collection event.
-   Many others.

## Director Reports {#director_reports}

### President's Report {#presidents_report}

-   Stickers! (donated)
-   Bitcamp
-   We are bleeding members. Please, be nice. It is not worth being
    "right" all the time. You probably aren't anyway.
-   We should look into getting a table at the US National Maker Faire
    (http://nationalmakerfaire.com/)

### Vice President's Report {#vice_presidents_report}

#### Etiquette

Explaining why something should be done differently is always better
than venting personal rage.

#### IT

"The Vice President shall be primarily responsible for the information
systems and communication processes of the corporation..."

##### NetPLC (RFID & Occupancy Sensor) {#netplc_rfid_occupancy_sensor}

System is technically ready, and the old Occupancy Sensor is returning
valid data again. However, RFID access control has not been physically
installed, as the strike plates we have on hand are a poor fit to the
door frame.

##### Starlight

New HacDC server, named Starlight, has been setup. With 8GB+ effective
RAM available and 8 cores, this is a significant step up Shimmer.

##### Shimmer

HacDC server Shimmer has logged 143 days uptime. Ask for an account.

#### 3D Printers {#d_printers}

LulzBot Mini is extremely user-friendly. Simply turn on the laptop,
start Cura, load an STL file, select the desired quality/matieral, and
click print.

Rostock Max is performing well. New extruder has substantially improved
performance and reliability.

#### Laser Cutter {#laser_cutter}

Have discussed repairs to the laser cutter with Dan Barlow.
Electrically, we should be good to go. Physically, mounting brackets are
required, and the easiest approach is to 3D print them. Will work on
this ASAP.

### Treasurer's Report {#treasurers_report}

-   Travis has resigned to focus on other things. Need a new Treasurer.
-   Julia has nominated herself for the position.

### Secretary's Report {#secretarys_report}

I haven't been around here long enough to recognize all the members and
one of the functions of the Secretary is to maintain an updated
membership list. So I would appreciate if members would introduce
themselves to me or even shoot me an email just so I can update email
addresses, add missing names and remove an unnecessary duplicate
entries.

Submitted proposals on disposal and storage policies.

### Director-at-Large Reports {#director_at_large_reports}

#### Don

(entered by Enrique)

-   The Greenbelt Mini Maker Faire is coming up. See Don if you're
    interested in helping out.
-   We should clean up the lockers as many are unlabeled or labeled with
    former members' names, etc. Don will send out an email asking
    members to apply an updated label with a recent date to any locker
    they are using so we can cut...err... pick the locks off the rest
    and put them to use.
-   It's good to see James back.
-   3D Printing Thursdays is going well, is a regular and popular event.
-   Details of the upcoming Amateur Radio Field Day will be posted on
    the website soon. The first choice was Haines Point but the assigned
    location may be a hospital.
-   There will be an invited speaker at the HARC meeting on May 13. (see
    website for details)
-   Brian (church admin) is out of town for two weeks.

#### Phil

Don and I composed and filed an appeal of our rejection for
participation in the 2015 Combined Federal Campaign (CFC), with the
local campaign office of the CFC. Timely help and suggestions from Jamie
and Katie contributed to our ability to get this done before the
deadline.

## [Project Awesome](:Category:Project_Awesome) Reports {#project_awesome_reports}

### Project LASER {#project_laser}

### Project BYZANTIUM {#project_byzantium}

### Project KITBUILD {#project_kitbuild}

### Project SUPPLIES {#project_supplies}

### Project EXPANSION {#project_expansion}

### Project HAMRADIO {#project_hamradio}

## Member Reports {#member_reports}

## Old Business {#old_business}

-   

**Proposal for “Planning and Development” Committee** Submitted by Phil
Stewart, February 24th, 2015

**Status Update:** This proposal was tabled indefinitely by Phil and was
not discussed or voted on.

To Vote Upon: The following proposal to form this committee that will
report to the board and to membership, by which vote the committee's
work will be authorized with the mandate of the membership.

**Summary:**

I propose the creation of a “Planning and Development” Committee to
create a coherent package of proposals geared towards refocusing HacDC’s
priorities and aligning its activities and expenditures with its primary
goals and purposes.

**Background:**

Recent discussions of our budget have highlighted the need for a renewal
of purpose at HacDC. A number of proposals have been offered: to put
together a fund-raising document, to fix one or another by-law, to
re-assess the content of our 501c3 application (or otherwise notify the
IRS of a planned change to our activities).

The budget concerns we need to address arise from the convergence of
twin trends: a rise in rent over the last few years and a flattening of
growth in membership subscriptions (our principle source of revenue). As
members have left the area, or founded their own hackerspaces in DC’s
suburbs, HacDC has not attracted new members at a similar rate. This
most likely has multiple causes, but is at least partially linked to
some changes in the direction and scope of our activities—acquiring
equipment vs. offering programs, for example—paired with some less
pleasant consequences of our light-handed approach to group governance:
disorganization, a messy shop, incivility in our email discussions. With
fewer members, fewer activities can be carried on, recursively impacting
our capacity to attract and retain members. These interacting forces
form a coordinated system. To solve them, we need to formulate a
coordinated response.

**Proposal:**

To this end I propose that a limited-term committee be formed to create
a coherent package of proposals that looks at our activities,
expenditures, funding sources, by-laws, organizational operations, and
anything else it deems to be relevant to get us back on track as a
nonprofit organization serving the greater good of our community. For
the purpose of this proposal, I am calling this the “Planning and
Development Committee” (PDC).

The PDC should be composed of a mix of volunteers, board members (one or
more), and people recruited by the board for their particular skills and
experience relevant to this committee’s work. It should also actively
consult with members who may not have the time to serve but whose input
is needed. While the PDC should report to the board, its progress and
findings should be fully communicated to the membership at large. The
PDC is not conceived as a permanent committee. Once its proposals have
been delivered and accepted / rejected / acted upon, the PDC will be
dissolved and its useful functions reassigned to officers, the board, or
standing committees.

The PDC should as part of its duties undertake the following:

• The PDC’s first task should be to find out what is working and what
isn’t for HacDC. I have in mind a poll or survey of members, former
members, and would-be members (e.g. who participate on Blabber). It may
also be useful to survey or interview visitors to the space, and members
or directors of other hackerspaces. Such a survey could be conducted
online (at a site such as SurveyMonkey).

• As importantly, the PDC (or a separate subcommittee if appropriate)
should explore ways to improve revenues, including grants, fees for
workshops and events, dues increases—whatever will work, consistent with
our mission. This may include entering in consultations with outside
experts.

• The PDC should formulate a proposal to create several task-specific
standing committees within HacDC as a way to address the club’s ongoing
needs and activities. Standing committees would allow for focused
attention to ongoing concerns while providing for continuity across
terms of the board and the changing commitments of club

• The PDC should develop and present a coherent communication strategy
for HacDC to ensure all potential donors, granting organizations, and
the public at large are presented a consistent, accurate, and positive
portrayal of what we do. Included in this task would be to create
procedures and a reporting structure for HacDC to document its own
activities (e.g. annual reports).

• The PDC should re-examine avenues for recruitment and retention of
members, as well as assessing members’ satisfaction and future needs.

• The PDC should assess, report upon, and make proposals as needed for
the suitable enhancement of the strong educational component of HacDC’s
mission.

A PDC report including recommendations would be delivered to the board
in a timely manner, with all action items requiring a vote at a
subsequent regular members’ meeting. Interim reports would recur at
intervals to be decided by the board.

Again, it is my feeling that we need to look at the big picture and
develop a coordinated set of plans in response to our current fiscal and
organizational challenges. Friendly amendments in the spirit of this
proposal are welcome and invited.

-   

**A proposal that the SEM and the Museum should be made official HacDC
Projects will be submitted for consideration at the next meeting.** **A
proposal to change the HacDC storage and disposition policy will be
submitted for consideration at the next meeting.**

-   

**Disposal Policy Proposal** (submitted by Enrique March 31)

**Status Update:** This proposal was approved with about 10 in favor and
0 opposed.

Storage shall include a clearly labeled “Outgoing” shelf area and a
clearly labeled “Trash” shelf area. The Outgoing area shall be
considered closed to new items (and clearly labeled as such) at least 2
weeks prior to each monthly members' meeting and all items photographed
and advertised to members at that time. Immediately following each
monthly members' meeting, the Secretary shall coordinate the relabeling
of Outgoing pile items as Trash. Members will thus have a minimum of 2
weeks to remove any items from Outgoing. Knowledgeable members are
encouraged to establish and announce the fair market value of any
high-value items in Outgoing.

Members may only take personal ownership of HacDC items in the Trash
pile. Members may make arrangements with the Secretary to take
possession of HacDC property as soon as it's moved to the Trash pile
(following the monthly members meeting).

If the Trash shelving is near capacity, the Board may solicit bids for
the chore of responsibly disposing of the entire Trash pile at a monthly
members' meeting, up to the maximum of one monthly membership fee
(currently \$60). In the absence of a membership vote otherwise, the
Board may only accept the lowest bid. The DC Department of Public Works
offers a free, weekly electronics recycling drop-off service at the
Benning Road Trash Transfer Station, 3200 Benning Road NE, each Saturday
from 8 am to 3 pm (check website for updated hours).

In cases of emergency when storage shelving is full and access to work
areas or the safety of members requires accelerated disposal of HacDC
property, the Board of Directors may vote to document, declare and
announce an Emergency Disposal Week and shorten the minimum
advertisement period of Outgoing 3 days for that week.

-   

**Proposal for Storage Policy** (submitted by Enrique March 31)

**Status Update:** This proposal was approved with about 10 in favor and
0 opposed.

This policy shall take effect at the June 2015 members' meeting.

Whereas HacDC has a considerable cache of valuable tools, parts, items
and materials but these are currently not inventoried and their
availability, purpose, value and custody is unclear to most members.
Whereas HacDC's current disposal policy asks individual members to
decree items as “junk” for disposal, often without consensus, and a
better policy would identify unwanted items by consensus rather than
decree.

**Custody of Basement Storage Areas** Basement storage areas will be
divided into sections and each section clearly labeled with with either
a member's name or a HacDC project name as a custodian. The custodian
may also identify a backup custodian at her or his discretion. The
custodian for each area is responsible for deciding what items may be
stored there, what may be transferred to another custodian or moved to
the Outgoing shelf. Approval of the custodian should be assured before
items are added or removed from his or her area. The custodian shall be
responsible for creating and updating an electronic inventory of all
items in the storage they manage in a timely manner and transmitting
that inventory to the Secretary. The inventory shall note whether the
items are available as HacDC tools, tools on loan to HacDC (and owner's
contact info), available as HacDC materials, or already assigned to a
HacDC project. The custodians shall report the unauthorized removal or
disappearance of items under their custody to the Board as soon as
possible. Upon departure or resignation of a custodian, custody passes
to the backup custodian designated, if any. Items in areas left with no
designated custodian shall be advertised as available to members and,
after 2 months, either returned to their owners (if on loan) or moved to
the Outgoing shelves. Members are encouraged to propose projects to
incorporate ongoing HacDC functions, such as Store, Museum, Servers, Raw
Materials, etc. into this policy.

**Assignment of Basement Storage to Custodians** Members and/or project
POCs wishing to have custody of basement storage area should make a
request to the Board including the dimensions of the area requested
(e.g. 2x2x2 ft). If total space requested exceeds the total storage
space, the Board will determine the least harmful reductions in the
allocated spaces. Any reduction in the space previously allocated must
give custodians 1 month notice. Temporary or permanent overruling of the
Board's allocation decisions can be made by member vote. At least one
storage space of 2x2x2 ft will be kept empty and made immediately
available to new members who desire storage space.

## New Business {#new_business}

-   Vote for a BOD Treasurer

Julia nominated herself for Treasurer, was unopposed and won
overwhelmingly with about 10 of 10 votes. **Julia Longtin is now our new
HacDC Treasurer**

-   Vote for proposed Storage Policy

**Disposal and Storage Policy Proposals both passed with about 10:0
votes. See Old Business.**

-   As of right now HacDC has reserved ownership of both the pfSense
    machine that is acting as the router for the church and the Cisco
    SG-300 series switch that is acting as the core switch for the
    church. The HacDC Admin Team has maintained full control over both
    devices. ITechGeek is proposing HacDC transfer ownership and control
    of both to the church.

## New Members {#new_members}

Travis is the acting president of MakerBar in Hoboken NJ, lives near NYC
but frequents DC regularly enough to want to join. Deepak learned about
HacDC at the Phillips Collection event; he's interested in integrated
circuits and radar tech. Travis's and Deepak's memberships were approved
by member vote and they will become members upon payment of first
month's dues.

## Adjournment

Adjourned by Celeste at 9:11pm.

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
