```{=mediawiki}
{{Floating TOC}}
```
## Time & Location

December 2, 2008\
Members Present: [Nick](User:Nickfarr), Ash, [Tim
B](User:Timball), Derek, Martin, Aaron,
[Katie](User:katie), [Ben](User:ben), Elliot, Tim
C., [Rodney](User:Rdegraci), Anonymous Member, Bryce,
[Hasufin](User:Hasufin), Jason\
Others Present: 3 Guests\
[Quorum](Quorum): Yes\
19:35ish to 20:29\
HacDC, 1525 Newton St NW, Washington, DC. (Space)\
Presiding: [Nick Farr](User:Nickfarr)\

## The Consent Agenda

(No items submitted in time to meet Consent Agenda Rules)

## Minister Reports

[Coordinator in Chief](Coordinator_in_Chief): Resigned and
not present

[Minister of Finance](Minister_of_Finance): Rent is being
raised \$85/month, but we get new space in the basement for free to use
for storage and metalworking.

[Minister of Information](Minister_of_Information): Resigned
and not present

[Keeper of the MIBS](Keeper_of_the_MIBS): Not Present.

## Member Reports

One member mentioned he was looking for a job and a discussion emerged
about a Resume pool. Nick suggested using the wiki to post links to
resumes on our use pages. Ben mentioned he's sent several job openings
to the list and hoped others would as well.

## Elections

There are two open positions to fill, [Coordinator in
Chief](Coordinator_in_Chief) and [Minister of
Information](Minister_of_Information).

[Nick Farr](User:Nickfarr) nominated Elliot Williams for
[Coordinator in Chief](Coordinator_in_Chief). Elliot accepted
the nomination. There were no additional members nominated, so Elliot is
now HacDC [Coordinator in Chief](Coordinator_in_Chief).

[Nick Farr](User:Nickfarr) nominated
[Katie](User:katie) for [Minister of
Information](Minister_of_Information).
[Katie](User:katie) accepted the nomination. There were no
additional members nominated, so [Katie](User:katie) is now
HacDC [Minister of Information](Minister_of_Information).

Derek moved that Katie receive [MIBS points](MIBS_points) for
her work on the wiki. The Shadow [Keeper of the
MIBS](Keeper_of_the_MIBS) awarded Katie 1 billion [MIBS
points](MIBS_points).

## New Business

### Mailing List Policy Discussion

The purpose of [the blabber
list](http://hacdc.org/mailman/listinfo/blabber_hacdc.org) was
discussed. [Nick Farr](User:Nickfarr) suggested that the
member list be reserved for member to member communication and details
about things going on in the space, while
[Blabber](http://hacdc.org/mailman/listinfo/blabber_hacdc.org) be used
for most traffic, since members of the public may participate on
[Blabber](http://hacdc.org/mailman/listinfo/blabber_hacdc.org).

A discussion ensued, and it was decided to not enforce hard and fast
rules between members and
[blabber](http://hacdc.org/mailman/listinfo/blabber_hacdc.org), but
allow it to naturally develop.

### Dorkbot Founders

Tim C. moved to grant Alberto and Gareth from [Dorkbot
DC](http://www.dorkbot.org/dorkbotdc) dues waivers and make them full
members of HacDC through January 31, 2010 for their help in establishing
HacDC. [Tim B.](User:Timball) seconded the motion.

A discussion about what status or special titles took place. Anonymous
Member suggested giving them an honorific title for what they've done
for the space. An amendment was offered to grant them a special title,
but after discussion the amendment was tabled.

An additional amendment was offered by
[Rodney](User:Rdegraci) to review the membership offer after
6 months. There was no second and the amendment died.

The original motion passed without objection.

### [Workshop Configuration](Workshop_Configuration)

[Nick](User:Nickfarr) presented a plan for our new space in a
workshop configuration, suggesting we use half for metalworking space
and half for a space to store new acquisitions and take
[stuff](stuff) apart.

Discussion ensued, and it was decided that any plans should go up [on
the wiki](Workshop_Configuration).

### [Main Space Reconfiguration](Main_Space_Reconfiguration)

[Nick](User:Nickfarr) suggested removing the loft are,
putting in two Ikea workbenches there with storage space above. A member
asked about the couch and comfortable seating, and was told there would
be space at the back of the room with the new configuration.

Elliot expressed a concern that we'll end up filling up the extra space
with more junk without using the space well. There was ensuing
discussion, and again plans will be put [on the
wiki](Main_Space_Reconfiguration).

[Nick Farr](User:Nickfarr) also mentioned that he will be
using Wednesdays to take stuff apart and list it on eBay.

### [A HacDC Christmas](A_HacDC_Christmas)

General consensus seems to be that it seems like there's not much time
between now and then to actually pull this off.

Several members mentioned they're in favor of the idea in general, but
are very worried about the time frame. The issue was tabled for this
meeting.

### [Tuesday Seminar Series](Tuesday_Seminar_Series)

We have the auditorium reserved through March on Tuesday nights. We need
to identify speakers for weekly meetings in 2009. We have speakers lined
up for the rest of December.

Members are encouraged to come to Tuesday meetings and publicize the
seminars wide and far.

### [Data Destruction and Donation Day](Data_Destruction_and_Donation_Day)

Tentative plans for data destruction day are on the wiki. Tim C. has
offered his company's services to help erase drives.

Derek offered to take the lead on this and plan an event.

### [Door Entry Project](Door_Entry_Project)

Elliot met with the church last weekend to propose the front door
project. He's waiting to hear back from them about approval for the
project. The time frame for project completion is mid-January.

## New Members

Nick Farr sponsored new member Jason. Elliot sponsored Mark as a new
member. There were no objections.

[Category:Meeting_Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
