`{{TOCright}}`{=mediawiki}

## Time and Location {#time_and_location}

:   Date
:   Called to order at 19:39 pm by Michelle
:   Members present: Kevin, Gabe, Max, Chris, Calli, Ken, Obi, Michelle
:   Members remote:
:   Others present:
:   [Quorum](Quorum)

    :   Quorum met? Yes

## [Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes](Regular_Member_Meeting_2023_01_10) {#approval_of_previous_meetings_minutes}

## Recognition

-   Gabe, Ulisses for organizing the basement clean out (and Ray for
    hauling off the stuff Benning Road wouldn't take).
-   Michelle for sticking with the presidency even after moving, getting
    a new job, etc., etc.

## New Members {#new_members}

-   No new members

## Old Business {#old_business}

-   Basement clean-out
    -   Lessons learned: When Benning Road says "Electronics and toxic
        materials" that's the **only** thing they take.
    -   Matt Pfeiffer has a [new 3D floor plan of the basement with the
        OTR
        rotated](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1030692770211442800/1072330660179624017/HacDC_Workshop_-_S2.pdf)
-   This is Michelle's last meeting as president
-   Reaching a wider audience.
    -   Join Nation of Makers for the resources (networks, safety
        guidelines, etc.) We think we have enough money for membership
-   Chris Knight and Daniel Aaron interested in cyber-security. Chris
    installed
    [GNS-3](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Graphical_Network_Simulator-3)
    network emulator GUI on the server. Drag'n'drop servers, etc, to
    create the network topology. Eventually, a competition.
-   Michelle proposing the creation of an automated Meeting Minutes
    template
    -   A "Looking forward" section for future events (or for removing
        events)
-   Possible one-off courses.
    -   Calli offering to run a small series on web scraping/indexing,
        or perhaps user experience design.
    -   Tristan talking about Capture the Flag and/or FreeCAD class.
    -   Combine Web Scraping and Machine Learning classes
-   Use Discord more. Still.
    -   125 people at the moment are "subscribed" to the Discord server.
-   Events
    -   Last Open Project Night was seven people
    -   Visitor's Night is more variable
    -   For every event, one person has to be officially responsible.
-   Kevin proposes a restaurant or movie night quarterly?
    -   Michelle recommends "[General
        Magic](https://www.generalmagicthemovie.com/)" documentary

## New Business {#new_business}

-   Phone system? See last month's minutes
    -   Set up an [Asterisk](https://www.asterisk.org/) server?
    -   Access: Until the phone works, take the phone number notice off
        the space.
    -   Go back to a hardwired landline
-   Web changes
    -   Remove message about access to "the server" from the web page as
        well
    -   Onboarding for new members? (How to get a key, how to get a wiki
        account, etc.)
    -   Michelle: We should give members who are not board members more
        control
    -   Max and Calli would to help with web / wiki editing
    -   Michelle: Be careful about "SEO credits" and changing wiki page
        names.
    -   Add an "editors onboarding / best practices" page.
-   [GitHub](https://github.com/hacdc)
    -   Admin access now available
-   [Codeberg](https://codeberg.org/HacDC) too
-   [Rockville Science Day](https://www.rockvillesciencecenter.org/rscd)
    -   Michelle didn't feel it was worth the effort as a tabler, but a
        good place to visit as a member of the public.
    -   The relationship with Ulisses is the only win to come out of
        that.
-   New board:
    -   Vice-president is "president-in-waiting" / apprentice president
        training to take over from the outgoing president. (Basically a
        two-year minimum commitment. One as vice, one as president.)
    -   President liaisons with church and treasurer. Not a lot of power
        but it's a good role for guidance person / project manager.
    -   Obi interested / willing to become president.
    -   Gabe putting in for vice president
    -   Tristan possibly running for treasurer
        -   Set "auto-pay" notices to be sent to the entire BOD
    -   Keep one at-large position for a ham radio person. Probably John
        or Brian.
    -   Michelle will reach out to Phil for the other at-large (or other
        BOD position).
    -   [Duties of the Secretary](Duties_of_the_Secretary)
    -   Bylaws, standing laws, proposed standing laws, etc. Instead, we
        generally operate by consensus.

## Adjournment

Adjourned by at Michelle by 21:12

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
