`{{TOCright}}`{=mediawiki}

## Time and Location

:   Date 10/9/2018
:   Called to order at 7:40 pm by Karen
:   Members present: Karen, Kevin, Bobby
:   Members remote: Tayeb, Tom
:   Others present: Dave
:   [Quorum](Quorum) 6

    :   Quorum met? No

## Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes

## Recognition

Kevin has done a huge amount de-lousing the wiki - thank you! Tayeb did
a lot of work researching the rent history which hopefully satisfies the
church Tom hosted a gaming night which I heard was a lot of fun and may
be repeated if he gets help

## New Members

Dave

## Old Business

## New Business

## [Project Awesome](:Category:Project_Awesome) Reports

### Project SUPPLIES - Tom

N/R

### Project EXPANSION - Tom

N/R

### Project HAMRADIO - Jeff

### Project Electron Microscope (SEM) - Julia

### Project Optical Table Robot (OTR) - Julia

### Project CRISPR -Enrique

### Project SpaceBlimp -Enrique

### Project IT Infrastructure - Tom

N/R

## Member Reports

## Director Reports (Governance related stuff)

### President's Report

My to-dos:

-   Finish up work on the draft proposed code of conduct/rules of the
    road - I'll try to have that done for a bod review in two weeks
-   Meet with Tayeb to discuss setting up a gofundme page to close the
    gap between rent and dues, as well as a few other items (I guess
    that's Tayeb's to do now, too :) )
-   Movie night - first film will probably be October Sky - bio of Homer
    Hickam, NASA engineer and hacker/rocketeer

### Vice President's Report

I've been coming up on my 3 years on the board here and trying to
reflect and come up with some actionable ideas.

I'm not coming up with much that's positive. Here's something I wrote:

"HacDC's hallmark is a series of behaviors both specific to individuals
and ingrained deeply into the culture and even physical presentation of
the space, that are, often deliberately, designed to undermine the
proper function of HacDC as a well run, welcoming, resource-full
commons. I don't think there is capacity or interest to address these
dysfunctions, in any process, no matter how clearly enumerated or
described. I'm convinced of these facts and so at an impasse, as I think
contributing to a welcoming commons is really the core value that brings
me to spend my time and energy here at HacDC. Since I can't in good
faith ask others to contribute to a project who's value is lost to me, I
will resign from my seat on the bod at some time in the near future,
ahead of our next annual meet. I will probably begin a long break from
the space as well after that."

### Treasurer's Report

### Secretary's Report

### Director-at-Large Reports

#### Kevin

-   With any luck, I've successfully de-clogged the Lulzbot Mini,
    although it has not been tested.
-   Progress has been made in de-clogging (de-spamming) the wiki: 4,000
    spam pages gone and a whopping 25.460+ spam accounts have been
    eliminated. The wiki has been upgraded from MediaWiki 1.20 to 1.27
    -- the latest allowable by our host provider at this time, though
    not the latest available, and it has been locked down as tight as I
    can lock it, because I don't want to wade though the month-long
    process ever again. (That said, no security lasts forever...)
    Progress continues apace.

#### Ken

## Adjournment

Adjourned by at 8:33 by popular acclamation

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
