```{=mediawiki}
{{Floating TOC}}
```
These are the minutes of the Regular Member Meeting held on June 24,
2008

-   Members Present: Nick Farr, Ben Stanfield, Member 005, Peter Ordal,
    Member 007 (left early), Tim Ball, Derek Cooper, Tino Dai, Alli
    Rense, Andrew Righter, A. Sabino, Bjorn Westergard, Richard Bewley
-   Others Present: Chris W. (New Member), Anna
-   Quorum: Not Established
-   Called to Order: 8:08pm
-   Adjourned: 8:54pm
-   Location: HacDC, 1525 Newton St NW, Washington DC, 20010, USA
-   Presiding: Andrew Righer, Coordinator in Chief

## Draft minutes of the last meeting {#draft_minutes_of_the_last_meeting}

-   The [ June 17 Meeting
    Minutes](Regular_Member_Meeting_Minutes_2008_06_17) were
    approved.

## The Consent Agenda {#the_consent_agenda}

Nick Farr removed [ Central Services
Concept](Central_Services) from the Consent Agenda

## Minister Reports {#minister_reports}

### Coordinator in Chief {#coordinator_in_chief}

[Introduction to Reverse
Engineering](http://hacdc.org/2008/06/20/introduction-to-reverse-engineering/)
was moved to 3pm instead of 2pm due to conflictions with the church.
Andrew is getting a mechanical lock this week for the door. All projects
are running smoothly.

### Ministry of Finance {#ministry_of_finance}

[ MoF Report for June 24](MoF_Report_2008_06_24).

-   Almost all inflows to HacDC come in via PayPal. Money is moved out
    of PayPal as needed, as HacDC earns a good return on monies kept in
    PayPal.
-   HacDC also received a \$1,000 donation and a \$100 donation and
    continues to be in the black. Nick is working with an attorney,
    pro-bono regarding official receipt letters to these donors notating
    our pending 501(c)(3) status.
-   Based on our current financial status, we are about 1/2 and 1/2 on
    member dues vs. donations. Peter Ordal noted that this is remarkable
    given that HacDC has been around for only a few months.
-   Looking to migrate to an open source advanced accounting system. The
    chart of accounts, categories for expenses and income may change
    based on guidance from a CPA.
-   Our 501(c)(3) app is waiting the close of our third operating fiscal
    month so we have accurate numbers to put on the application. It has
    not been sent yet. Best case scenario is that it is approved 90 days
    after filing, worst case a year or more. (Hacker Foundation took a
    year.)

### Keeper of the MIBS {#keeper_of_the_mibs}

(No report as the office was vacant.)

### Minister of Information {#minister_of_information}

Working on a mailing list for brainstorming/feedback on the website.
Interested members should email her at info@hacdc.org. Also, she put
photos on Flickr. If you are in one, and you do not want to be, please
let Alli know, and she will take it down. Alli noted that she gave
people as much notice as possible, before posting pictures.

## Member Reports {#member_reports}

-   Bjorn: Microconroller Mondays are going well. Members should get
    involved, HacDC has many AVR's available. Bjorn suggested purchasing
    a programmer to have in the space. Also working on big UV meter
    project off and on. There is also a bunch of audio gear, with
    digital delays, etc. We should all jibber like idiots into the box.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Derek: We really should discuss amending the bylaws to lower the
    quorum. (Not added as an item for New Business, will appear on next
    week's agenda)

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   A. Sabino: Reported a query from a friend working on setting up a
    non-profit, but she is looking for guidance on how to setup a
    database, taking donations, distributing donations, etc. Gave her
    the general site, to see if anyone has any ideas.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Alli Rense: Asked if anyone is responsible for purchasing beverages
    in the fridge. Nick noted that the cup is not an official part of
    HacDC books. So far, the honor fund for purchasing drinks appears to
    be working. When there aren't enough drinks, someone takes the money
    in the cup, and goes to buy more drinks. (This is also how members
    get to select what drinks are available).

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Ben: Planning to come in on Thursday to start gathering stuff for
    the [ museum](HacDC_Museum). Tim asks where would we put
    this stuff. Ben responds that we can shove it on a shelf, take
    pictures of stuff and put it on the web. Anna said she's very
    interested in that. Ben also asked members to identify items for the
    museum.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Andrew: We need to organize. Nick then noted Nate would be back
    before Friday, so it was decided the issue was N/A.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Member 007 noted a pest problem in the space. Nick said he would
    follow up with the landlord and reiterated general membership
    feeling that people should keep the space clean, dishes washed, etc.

## Old Business {#old_business}

### Approval of New Members {#approval_of_new_members}

Chris W. : He does Iterated Designs, web application programming, stint
in the government as a security engineer. They encourage you to break
their stuff. He saw the group, wanted to become a part of it. Found
HacDC from Rodney and website... and decided to join.

As there were no objections, Chris becomes our 34th member.

## New Business {#new_business}

### Elect new Keeper of the MIBS {#elect_new_keeper_of_the_mibs}

Per the bylaws, each member present has the opportunity to run as a
candidate for each officer position.

Richard and Ben nominated themselves as candidates. After a brief
discussion on voting procedure, the candidates determined themselves
equally qualified and agreed to play a game of Rock, Paper, Scissors to
avoid a potentially contentious election.

Nick presided over a best two out of three competition which Richard
won. Ben withdrew his name from nomination and Richard became the new
Keeper of the MIBS.

### [ Central Services Concept](Central_Services) {#central_services_concept}

The proposal, in brief, specifies how specific administrative tasks are
to be delegated.

Nick proposes calling the ministers and their assistants "Central
Services", reachable as a group at info@hacdc.org

In following with the ongoing pun of the British Parliamentary System,
Nick is calling it "Shadow Ministers". This policy will make sure each
minister has at least one appointed designate who knows how to perform
various required functions. When ministers change, the existing
delegates help the new minister learn their duties. At that time, the
new minister can re-arrange job functions, assign new roles, etc.

The other point of this policy is to document who things have been
delegated to, as a system of checks and policy.

Nick asked if anyone has any questions / comments.

Derek: Objected to the use of the term, "shadow". It is used in a
negative connotation in some languages. However, Nick notes that in
other cases it is used to have a lot of different meanings. Bjorn
believes the "evil" connotation is terrific.

Ministers have the discretion to create/eliminate positions and titles.
The membership can force a membership to create a position for someone
who wants it.

Peter notes that designating certain shadow ministers creates an
"inevitable" successor, which could lengthen the election cycle
possibly. That said, his thinking is based on the idea that we are
arbitrarily giving people titles as a way of imbuing responsibilities
upon them.

As Nick pointed out on the mailing list, really the focus of shadow
ministers are the jobs with some sort of procedural knowledge that needs
to be preserved in the organization. While this may be encouraging
people to participate just for the title, in the end, the policy is more
about building redundancy (and that's a good thing).

Chris: Can you forego the election cycle? Nick notes that all the
election cycles rotate annually, and that each minister can choose how
to delegate to a person. Nick reiterates that the idea is to force each
minister to delegate to at least one other person for redundancy.

Nick also notes that it is a policy that requires minister to document
their tasks and that this further enables us to grow as a group, and
each member has help reassembling vital functions, that need to be
completed.

Alli: Is the shadowing is done during a meeting? Nick notes that it
should be announced at the meeting, but not necessarily assigned. Nick
notes that passwords and dependencies are given to them, but they have
to be notified or sent to the members e-mail list.

**Passes by consensus**

[Category:Meeting_Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
