**Note:** This page serves as the 2012-01-10 Member Meeting's agenda
(before the meeting) and minutes (after the meeting).

## Time and Location {#time_and_location}

January 10, 2012

Meeting called to order at Brad by:

Members Present: Brad, Jon, Richard, Jamie, Todd, Toast, Sarah, Tim,
Martin, Alberto, Tommy, Dan, Shawn, Phil

Others Present: Scott, Vinnie, Stephen

[Quorum](Quorum) met? yes

## Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes {#approval_of_previous_meetings_minutes}

[Regular Member Meeting 2011 12
13](Regular_Member_Meeting_2011_12_13)

## Director Reports {#director_reports}

### President's Report {#presidents_report}

### Vice President's Report {#vice_presidents_report}

### Treasurer's Report {#treasurers_report}

Currently have 56 paying members so quorum is now 14.

Here is the financial summary spreadsheet for December 2011, which also
has the totals for all of 2011: <file:HacDC_Financials_2011_Final.pdf>

We had a big surplus in December due to the Church crediting us \$2191
for Martin's installation of the intercom system. Even without that we
would have been \~\$400 ahead due to people's additional donations and
the tip jar. With 54 paying members we are close to meeting expenses on
dues alone. We had 5 non-paying members however - two are dropping.

Total revenue for 2011 was \~\$34,000. We finished 2011 with \$3400 more
in the bank than 2010 (most from last month). Even if we spend \$1000 as
we discussed last month, that gives us about 3 months operating expenses
on reserve, which is nice.

Audit committee has access to financial files in Google Docs, expect a
report from them soon.

I filed our change of registered agent form with DC and tax form 990-N
with the IRS.

I am intending to send people who donated cash to HacDC (beyond dues) a
letter with the total, for tax purposes. 24 members + 19 one-time donors
will take a little while - I hope emailed PDF file is okay. I also owe
some merchandise donation letters - we got more laser stuff, and some
PCs from Bill Babson.

### Secretary's Report {#secretarys_report}

skiing in canadia

### Director-at-Large Reports {#director_at_large_reports}

#### Toast

Moved the Official HacDC MAME cabinet made for SchmooCon.

Possible beer brewing class.

#### Martin

Paid Jeff (the guard a) tip for Christmas.

## Member Reports {#member_reports}

**Alberto**

Spoke with Vincent Rossi of the Smithsonian about the mill and other
stuff. They want to get us the dongle for DeskProto. They are currently
3D scanning the gunboat, Philadelphia, at the American History museum,
and would appreciate someone stopping by to pick it up, perhaps as early
as tomorrow. Anyone in the Mall area? (MEETING NOTE: Toast will pick it
up.)

Attribution for the mill when mentioned in HacDC publications should
read: ''A personal gift from Vincent Rossi and Adam Metalo, who work at
the Smithsonian Institution's 3D Digitization lab.
<https://www.facebook.com/3d.si.edu>"

**Dan**

Churning out stuff on the CNC mill.

Made a stoplight for a partylight in the classroom.

Sporting goods store on 14th street is selling their fixtures. Good
stuff for building robots.

**Richard**

Been working with the 3D printer, and discovered the max height. Managed
to get the printer to print with OSx. Don't use replicatorG over v.25.
Would like to get a dedicated machine for the 3d printer so everyone
doesn't have to have their own machine. Need high temp tape to reaffix
the termistor.

**Phil**

William Gibson now has a HacDC sticker!!

## Old Business {#old_business}

## New Business {#new_business}

Alberto & Brad discuss pros & cons of a proposed series of 3 or 4
workshops co-branded with Washington Project for the Arts (WPA) &
Artisphere in concert with the WPA-curated exhibition, [Experimental
Media 2012](http://wpadc.org/events/calls.html#EMExhibition), to take
place at Artisphere's (main) Terrace Gallery April 12 â€“ May 20, 2012.

Talk to Alberto if you want to help or run an introductory electronics
class.

Reimburse Martin \$100 for the tip to Jeff (the guard). Dan moves. Toast
seconds. Motion passes.

Brad and Jon are working on a laser motion controlled CNC. We can use it
if the logistics of the moving the CNC mill work out. Any other ideas to
make HacDC stand out should be brought up ASAP. Pen plotter? Motion
interactive video?

## New Members {#new_members}

**Vince**

Programmer. Visited on Microcontroller Monday.

**Scott**

Robotics R&D. Found us online. Also visited on Microcontroller Monday.
Toast nominated. Richard seconds. Motion passes.

**Stephen**

Worked in the Ubuntu communited. Found us on hackerspaces.org Dan
nominates. Martin seconds. Motion passes.

## Adjournment

Adjourned at: 20:39

Meeting next month is on Wednesday Feb. 15 and will be the monthly
member meeting AND the yearly meeting with elections.

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
