`{{TOCright}}`{=mediawiki}

## Time and Location {#time_and_location}

:   May 13, 2014
:   Called to order at 2013 by Dan B.
:   Members present: Dan, Mirage, Ben, Kevin, Katie, George, Travis,
    David, Phil, ITG, juri, Shawn
:   Others present: Rob, Bobbie, 2 others.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```

:   [Quorum](Quorum)? need 14.

    :   Quorum met? Called Lee for quorum on one proposal.

## Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes {#approval_of_previous_meetings_minutes}

[Regular Member Meeting 2014 04
08](Regular_Member_Meeting_2014_04_08) (not voted on)

## Recognition

Dan: Thanks to all for the help at USAEF. Reminds all that if you want
to represent Hac at such events, you don't need approval.. just
commitment. Thanks to those are pursuing the free legal help that has
been offered.

Ben: Travis, mirage and all that have helped with getting the spiffy new
3DPs!

## Director Reports {#director_reports}

### President's Report {#presidents_report}

Wants to know what we need to change in order to have enough members at
the monthly meets in order to reach quorum. Please provide feedback as
to whether on not we need to change the meeting time or other ideas.

### Vice President's Report {#vice_presidents_report}

n/a

### Treasurer's Report {#treasurers_report}

Here is the financial summary spreadsheet for April 2014:
![](HacDC_Financials_2014_04.pdf "HacDC_Financials_2014_04.pdf"). We
gained 3 members in the past month: Harry Detwiler, Travis Brown, and
Robin Bell. We lost one member, William Gibb. We have 48 dues-paying
members in good standing, 9 dues-waived members, and 3 members who are
behind on dues. We have filed IRS Form 990-N (Return of Organization
Exempt From Income Tax for small organizations whose annual gross
receipts are normally \$50,000 or less).

#### Project Awesome {#project_awesome}

Here is the Project Awesome spreadsheet for April:
![](HacDC_PA_Projects-2014_04.pdf "HacDC_PA_Projects-2014_04.pdf").
Between less income from dues/donations and higher expenses from the
truck rental for the SEM, there was no surplus this month and thus no
Project Awesome dividend. :(

### Secretary's Report {#secretarys_report}

My pleas to the gods to slow the Earth's rotation by a few hours a day
have, sadly gone unanswered. Unfortunately, this means I'm resigning my
position as Secretary.

I'll still be around, but have become too neglectful of things
secretarial to continue holding the position in good conscience.

### Director-at-Large Reports {#director_at_large_reports}

#### Ben

nada

#### Zach

Nothing to report at the moment, I was traveling a lot this past month.
El Presidente and I looked over the donated 60" TV LED issues last
night, and Dan is going to see if he can rustle up a replacement for the
ONE DEAD LED that is keeping the screen from working.

## [Project Awesome](:Category:Project_Awesome) Reports {#project_awesome_reports}

### Project LASER {#project_laser}

Dan cleaned the laser from the Splat run. It was quite nasty. We're
considering buying a more powerful laser as the current laser is at the
edge of the kind of utility we want. Looking at replacing guides with
rails to increase accuracy and lifespan.

### Project BYZANTIUM {#project_byzantium}

### Project KITBUILD {#project_kitbuild}

In preparation for the 2014 Summer School session, Project KITBUILD
foresees a related kit build for rookies in late June or mid-July.
Because Summer School participants are required to buy their own
supplies, none, or little, of Project KITBUILD's funds would be used
unless soldering irons need mending or more power strips are needed.

It would be fun to have a more advanced kit build before or around that
time. More on this under New Business.

### Project SUPPLIES {#project_supplies}

Last month's expenses included:

-   \~\$100 for 2kG 3mm PLA filament.
-   \~\$5 for batteries.

Next month's expenses are expected to include:

-   New end mill bits to replace broken drill bits for PCB
    pre-milling/drilling.
-   3D printer supplies/parts.
-   SEM supplies/parts.
-   Possibly parts for the optical table if not funded otherwise.

### Project EXPANSION {#project_expansion}

Have not ordered bandsaw yet, been busy with USASEF.

### Project SPACECAM {#project_spacecam}

Kevin: going to leave projector cart with instructions near arcade
machine. We need to to work towards cleaning the meeting room, getting
rid of some of the older furniture. For the upcoming summer classes we
need better infrastructure (bandwidth) and the space should be more
functional.

Dan & Ben: we should get rid of the arcade machine.. Ben will try to get
in touch with owner, whoever that may be.

## Member Reports {#member_reports}

### Dan B {#dan_b}

Wants to start working on rewiring (power and ethernet) of the meeting
room. Could use help. Will re-post request for help on list-serv. Kevin
can help on Sundays.

### mirage335

#### USASEF

USASEF was absolutely awesome. We had several demos, including Dan
Barlow's plotter, a logic analyzer, some amateur radio equipment,
possibly a working byzantium node, Dan Barlow's HeNe laser projector,
and my own working
[:Category:BiosignalAmplifier](:Category:BiosignalAmplifier).
Our table was by far the best staffed and best equipped of any local
hackerspaces.

Travis picked up a free Cube printer from 3DSystems. Hopefully, this
'appliance' 3D printer will help guarantee we have an operational
printer at all times.

After making contact in person, and proceeding with some follow-up,
SeeMeCNC shipped us a free Rostock Max kit, the absolute best-value
printer on the market. Julia Longtin is taking care of assembly for that
printer, as well as Shawn Wilson's own Rostock Max.

Given we now have two 3D printers, including one of the proposed types,
I consider the budget approved (officially unconditionally, unofficially
conditionally) at last month cancelled, with no plans to spend it.

#### Photolithography PCB Fab {#photolithography_pcb_fab}

Modified an EEPROM timed UV exposure box, laser cut new PCB exposure
jig, and improved software toolchain. Have now fabricated full-scale
high-resolution PCBs suitable for complex circuits.

Practice is required to evenly develop/etch the PCBs. Follow the tips at
[:Category:Photolithography_PCB_Fab](:Category:Photolithography_PCB_Fab)
.

### Parts Library {#parts_library}

Generic high-quality parts library under construction in mini-drawers.
Emphasis is on the ability to rapidly prototype high-performance
2.7-3.3V analog and digital circuits.

#### Unnecessary Mess {#unnecessary_mess}

Two members lost valuable cleanup time straitening out work surfaces.
That time could otherwise have been used to free up more space instead.
Apparently, making it absolutely clear this behavior is highly unhelpful
has been insufficient. Wish we had RFID logs to personally draw
attention to the individual responsible.

To be clear, this does not refer to the legitimate mess created during
3D printer commissioning, which was easily and neatly packed up this
morning.

## Old Business {#old_business}

## New Business {#new_business}

Proposal on having Ben become the Secretary and Travis becoming Director
at Large (taking Ben's place). Passed (Thanks Lee!) by member vote. Dave
Mc. is no longer Secretary.

### via Alberto {#via_alberto}

It would be attractive to have a more advanced--Project KI on having Ben
become the Secretary and Travis becoming Director at Large (taking Ben's
place).TBUILD sponsored--kit build before or around the 2014 Summer
School session in conjunction with an AVR programming-related workshop.
**Please chime-in via the Members list if you feel you can run 2 - 4
workshops on AVR programming** and you and Project KITBUILD can look
into getting a custom PCB manufactured to serve the curriculum. (The
Late) Elliot Williams has already expressed that he would be honored to
have the Eagle files for his [AVR project board](Avr2011_kit)
reused or modded. Perhaps his [newly published
book](http://shop.oreilly.com/product/0636920028161.do) can serve as a
course supplement. I'm pretty sure I can finagle an instructor copy from
Make Books gratis.

## New Members {#new_members}

Brian: Oceanic, EE, interested in 3DP and PCB Duly voted in.

Rodney: previously visited a few years ago, cyber security. Interested
in Beagle bones. Duly voted in.

## Adjournment

Adjourned at 2127 by Dan B.

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
