`{{TOCright}}`{=mediawiki}

## Time and Location

:   Date
:   Called to order at 2030 pm by Tom
:   Members present: Nic David Kevin Tom I. Enrique and Ken
:   Members remote: Tayeb and Julia
:   Others present: Samudra Eva Tom D. Jeff
:   [Quorum](Quorum)

    :   Quorum met? yes, we think.

## Approval of [Previous Meeting's Minutes](Regular_Member_Meeting_2018_05_08)

`by acclamation`

## Recognition

`The Capitol Hill Maker Faire was a success, thanks for all who helped out.`

`Juri had a couple of basement clean up days. Nice start but more work needs to be done.`

## New Members

`Jeff is approved by acclamation.`

`Tom D. in the IT field with Tek Terrain. by acclamation.`

## Old Business

## New Business

### Group equipment purchase proposal from District Makers' Collective

LIZ Dombrowski, Board President of the [District Makers
Collective](http://www.districtmakerscollective.org/) writes:

:   So we heard from JBG Smith that they're selling Techshop's
    equipment. Here's the message they sent one of our members:

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```

:   

    :   *"Given the sheer amount of equipment in the space and the
        challenge of administering a piecemeal disposition to various
        buyers, we are only accepting bids from firms who can purchase
        and remove the equipment."*

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```

:   We're not in the position to buy that much equipment financially, so
    we're setting up a coalition of local makerspaces to see if we could
    pool our resources. We're also planning to work with our members to
    do an aggressive fundraising blitz. **We know we need to move
    quickly.**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```

:   Would you be interested in joining with District Makers Collective?
    It would be awesome to see Techshop's equipment split among the
    DMV's local makerspaces.

### Corporate Membership

To be discussed before next month's meeting please.

## [Project Awesome](:Category:Project_Awesome) Reports

### Project SUPPLIES - Mirage

`21:24 < mirage335> thossou: I transfer project contact status for SUPPLIES/EXPANSION to you. Do you accept?`

`21:26 < thossou> accepted!`

### Project EXPANSION - Mirage

### Project HAMRADIO - Jeff

### Project Electron Microscope (SEM) - Julia

ben got most of our roms up on github. unless we find him, and recover
the last ones with broken pins, the console is a loss. assuming it is a
loss, and learning to drive the column without it.

### Project Optical Table Robot (OTR) - Julia

we had a great basement work day. next step: unburying the OTR!

### Project CRISPR -Enrique

Ten words: "This kit includes everything you need to genetically modify
frogs." Also, no. Spoke to Sarah from BUGSS and they might be interested
in building DIY bio equipment at/with HacDC. For example, the gel
electrophresis imager to compare DNA strand lengths, maybe a PCR machine
to multiply/amplify DNA. Not sure who at HacDC is really interested
though - let me know. No other progress to report. The existing CRISPR
fridge is not cold enough to store reagents, although it can store fresh
petri dishes and some reagents.

### Project SpaceBlimp -Enrique

Our Global Space Balloon Challenge entry did not win the prize but it's
pretty nice. Here's the document:
[Media:Spaceblimp7_HackersSLS_GSBC-Report.pdf](Media:Spaceblimp7_HackersSLS_GSBC-Report.pdf)
Several key team members are busy until later in July so no launch plans
for SB 8 (might be 7B, long story). Please let us know if you'd like to
join the group at spaceblimp@hacdc.og

### Project Media Outreach - Matt

### Project IT Infrastructure - Tom

## Member Reports

Enrique. Note that our CFC application was denied due to some
discrepancy in the number of board or voting members on the form. We
have until Thursday to appeal. I'll help or work on this but will need
to get in touch with Tayeb or Karen to get it submitted.

### julia

TAZ is down at the moment. power supply issues.

a friend donated an engine hoist, and a small press.

basement work day was awesome! planning another one soon...

## Director Reports (Governance related stuff)

### President's Report

### Vice President's Report

I visited Freesides ATL and Decatur Makers in the Atlanta metro region.

### Treasurer's Report

More getting in contact with people about retroactive dues, more
payments.

Our current standing is that we are losing money (\$554 this month),
however we have enough members that we can expect to stay afloat if
everyone continues to pay their dues and everyone for whom it is
relevant continues to pay retroactive-dues. We currently have 25 members
in good standing and two more who will likely be in good standing soon
(so presumably 27 in the near future, but for quorum purposes 25). Our
bank + Paypal + Dwolla total is large enough (\~\$10,000) we can
certainly take the \$500 hit for many months to come but obviously that
would be unsustainable in the long term. Part of the reason for this is
that several members do not pay monthly and instead pay quarterly or
thrice-yearly so many months will have negative balances while a select
few will have larger positive net balances.

The upshot is that we could use new members since we are essentially
right at breakeven, but we are also at breakeven and so averaged over
the next several months I expect no net change.

### Secretary's Report

### Director-at-Large Reports

#### Kevin

#### Ken

## Adjournment

Adjourned by at 21:43 by Enrique

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
