`{{TOCright}}`{=mediawiki}

## Time and Location {#time_and_location}

:   Date 11/10/15
:   Called to order at 8:20 pm by Julia
:   Members present: Tom I., Phil S., Julia L., Dan B., Mirage, Bobby
    B., Enrique C. and Nick S.
:   Members remote: ubuntourist, mchelen, hunterkll and sitwon
:   Others present: Grenville, Alex
:   [Quorum](Quorum)

    :   Quorum met? Yes, 10

## Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes {#approval_of_previous_meetings_minutes}

## Recognition

-   ITechGeek - Crucial help diagnosing new core router configuration,
    restoring internet connectivity for the entire building's complex
    network.
-   Bobby, Julia, others. - Lots of help finishing construction around
    the space. The electronics workstation and shelf reinforcement looks
    amazing.

## Director Reports {#director_reports}

### President's Report {#presidents_report}

### Vice President's Report {#vice_presidents_report}

Church Core Router went down for a day due to a couple hardware
failures. Replaced after many hours of work. Many, many thanks to
ITechGeek for providing vital information, testing, configuration, and
advice. Without his peer review, guidance, and historical perspective,
we would not have this working now.

In other news, continuing to colloborate with Makersmiths. Having access
to both their and HacDC's tools will quickly go a long way to
commissioning everything at both spaces. Have also learned some tricks
from the members there, such as endmills with reduced
cooling/lubrication requirements.

Our recent experience keeping up with our service-level-agreement in our
lease provides a graphic example of the inevitable costs of unattractive
elements at the space. Without Julia's help, 20-22 hour days over the
weekend were barely sufficient to restore most functionality in time.
Had the core router failure occurred mid-week, or I been unavailable, we
would have an expensive, public catastrophe on our hands. Further, the
actions of one member have had some noticeable cost. Doing better is
possible, and pays for itself.

Time to get serious. While some of the concerns that have been raised
toward that approach are completely understandable, a safe space with
reasonable rules is a well proven model for success, and should be a
desirable goal.

### Treasurer's Report {#treasurers_report}

-   Current Paypal balance: \$2352.10

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Dwolla ballance: \$2565.00

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   BBT Balance: \$1747.60

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Bitcoin:

Rent check for Oct, Nov, and part of Dec has cleared.

Paypal income from dues for sept: \$750. Dwolla income from dues for
sept: \$750.

Donations: \$170

Mirage's reimbursements have not been paid out.

### Secretary's Report {#secretarys_report}

-   Unfortunately HacDC didn't attend the CFC fundraising / advertising
    event at NRL that we were invited to. It was pushed back due to
    weather with two days notice and the members who had volunteered to
    do it could not change their plans. Attendees had to be cleared two
    weeks in advance, so no substitutions were possible.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   The check from EventBrite for the lockpicks is MIA; it was for
    \$400. I've contacted EventBrite about the issue. They still haven't
    replied.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   The Trash pile is huge and the Outgoing pile has several bulky items
    also. I can't haul all this stuff myself, not even close. Note that
    we have a policy of compensating a member up to \$60 for taking care
    of the Trash pile. We should consider doing that this month.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Newark / Element 14 wants a wishlist of equipment we would accept as
    a sponsorship. I'm not sure who wants what. The current working
    wishlist is here:
    <http://wiki.hacdc.org/index.php/Category:NewarkElement14_Wishlist>

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   The bitcoin wallet has something close to \$75 in it, FYI. I'll try
    to transfer this account to the treasurer.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   I'll reiterate that we need more members involved in running the
    space. We need to run events, teach classes, raise funds, advertise
    stuff and do longer-term things like revisit our bylaws, clean up
    the wiki and have a decent inventory. If a 'committee' or 'working
    group' designation and structure is useful, fine. If the board of
    directors is expected to do all that and deal with unexpected
    problems as they come up, some stuff will never get done.

### Director-at-Large Reports {#director_at_large_reports}

#### Don

#### Phil

## [Project Awesome](:Category:Project_Awesome) Reports {#project_awesome_reports}

### Project SUPPLIES {#project_supplies}

No expenditures.

### Project EXPANSION {#project_expansion}

No expenditures.

### Project HAMRADIO {#project_hamradio}

## Member Reports {#member_reports}

### mirage335

Taz_Mega is now an operational CNC mill.

### Enrique

-   Hosted an Email Encryption Workshop with help from Nick, Ben, Tom
    and others.
-   Collaborating with High School Tech meetup organizer to host an
    event at HacDC November 18. Possibly more to come.
-   Began labeling the basement shelves (top right shelf being A1
    through A6, for example) so we can make an inventory and fix where
    things ought to be.
-   Brought in some equipment on loan to HacDC (labeled as mine):
    Pyrometer, Sound level (decibel) meter, 30 gram digital scale and a
    30kg hang-style digital scale also useful for tensile strength tests
    as mirage pointed out. They are in my storage area in the basement,
    I think shelf B1. Use'em but leave the labels on and put them back.
-   Ordered a (\$3) USB-to-ParallelPort adapter so we can have a
    reliable laser printer in the classroom instead of two or three
    non-working inkjets.
-   I started a measley attempt at an inventory by shelf, at least of
    things that don't move often, in the basement.
-   Helped Julia and volunteer Matt rearrange some basement tools and
    shelving.
-   Cleaned up a bunch of shit in the basement. Cleaning would be easier
    with a smooth floor. Tiles, Vinyl, Paint, something. Screwed in the
    missing light bulbs. (One. It takes one of me to do that).

## Old Business {#old_business}

## New Business {#new_business}

-   Proposal: Allocate up to \$500 for improved flooring in the basement
    front room. Our access to the basement is from the outdoors so dirt
    gets tracked in all the time. It occasionally floods, which brings
    in more grime and spreads it around. The current floor is rough
    cement which is difficult to sweep, mop or generally keep clean and
    doesn't make for a very good workshop area. I propose we allocate
    \$500 from the general fund to purchase and install improved
    workshop flooring. We do have to sort out and/or address the
    flooding at the same time. This price range is for vinyl flooring
    but we could just paint it (like garage or shop floor paint) as long
    as the occasional water doesn't ruin it.**This proposal was approved
    by majority vote.**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Proposal: Allow the HacDC BoD to take and accept a bid from a
    certified pest control company to perform bed bug remediation,
    especially chemical spraying, in the classroom and basement/shop
    areas of HacDC.**This proposal was approved by majority vote.**

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Selection of Audit Committee Members: According to Article VI of the
    bylaws, the members shall nominate a committee of three members to
    audit the business of the corporation. Three members are seeking to
    form a committee. (Sumter, Nick, Bill nominated)

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Bylaws Amendment

"For substantial cause, the Board of Directors may indefinitely suspend
a member's access to the space by a 2/3 majority vote of the board. By
voting at an official meeting with quorum, members may reinstate or
suspend, access or membership, for any member whose access has been
suspended by the board. The board may suspend the access of no more than
two members per month via this procedure. Access to the space may not be
re-suspended by the Board of Directors for the same actions or
incidents. Explanation of such suspensions must be submitted
electronically to all members."

Actually passing this will subsequently require obtaining signatures
from 3/4ths of the members.

## New Members {#new_members}

\- Grenville - Alex Kuck

## Adjournment

Adjourned by Julia at sometime after 10pm.

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
