## Time and Location

July 10, 2012

Meeting called to order at \_\_7:40\_\_ by: Brad

Members Present: Brad, Steve, Alberto, Martin, Andy, Dan, Dave, Richard,
Adam, Andrew, Nick, Chris, Ben, ITG, The Doctor, Tim S, Eric, Todd

Others Present: Tim, Nancy, Lonie, Jumoke

[Quorum](Quorum) met? Yes

## Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes

[Regular Member Meeting 2012 06
12](Regular_Member_Meeting_2012_06_12)

Approved.

## Director Reports

### President's Report

Nothing to report.

### Vice President's Report

Byzantium is doing awesome and excited for HOPE. Going to start
organizing fundraising for the space.

### Treasurer's Report

Here is the financial summary spreadsheet for June 2012:
![](HacDC_Financials_2012_06.pdf "HacDC_Financials_2012_06.pdf") Debits
from our rent checks have finally hit so our balance is back to normal.
We have four months' expenses in reserve not counting the money
earmarked for special projects.

Maybe it is the heat, but we had five non-paying members in June and
also lost two members (Scott Robbins and Daniel Ternes), while adding no
members. There are 2-5 other members who may be dropping in July so net
income will be reduced going forward until we pick up some new members.
Our expenses are running \$2750/mo which is 55 members, not counting the
generous additional donations we continue to receive from some members.
Adjusting for the rent payments we netted \~\$300 in June, which is
about what we are getting in additional member donations.

Quorum is 14 right now considering the two members who have already
dropped in July.

I met with our insurance agent and underwriter at the space. They
thought we were mis-characterized as an office-style non-profit in our
original policy. The underwriter said we sounded more like a community
educational group and there shouldn't be a problem getting a new policy,
but I haven't heard back with more details. They were very concerned
about woodworking and sawdust, which is a big fire risk.

### Director-at-Large Reports

#### Martin

Nothin'

#### Nick

None.

## Member Reports

Brad: Going to organize locksport events.

Alberto: Going to attend an advanced manufacturing seminar at DARPA.

Ben: Going to have a goodbye event for Alli, details will be on the
mailing list.

Richard: Prosthetic body parts.

Andrew: Making awesome videos to show off the space

ITG: Twilio! Todd is going to use his credits to pay for it. We'll keep
the existing number.

## Old Business

None

## New Business

Do we want to sign [Declaration of Internet
Freedom](http://www.internetdeclaration.org/freedom) as an organization?
Approved.

## New Members

Tim: Software guy. Interested in Arduino and RaspberryPi Nom: Brad,
Second: Ben Approved

## Adjournment

Adjourned at: 8:20

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
