## Time and Location {#time_and_location}

March 3, 2009 Meeting called to order at 7:30 PM by Coordinator in
Chief.

Members Present: Serge, Ben, Member 7, Martin, Tim, Elliot, Katie, Dan,
Todd, Dave

Non-Members: Ben Bryce

[Quorum](Quorum) determined to be present.

## Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes {#approval_of_previous_meetings_minutes}

[2009 Annual Meeting Minutes](2009_Annual_Meeting_Minutes)
were presented. Dan moved to approve. Serge seconded. Motion carried
with no objections.

## Minister Reports {#minister_reports}

### Coordinator in Chief Report {#coordinator_in_chief_report}

Talked with the church. The church expects us to finish, as promised, a
door entry locking system.

The rent on the basement has been \$0 for now, but there seems to be
some expectation that they will eventually charge us rent on the
basement space.

The deal seems to be that they're letting us not pay rent in exchange
for our help with the door project and the church wiring project.

As for now, there is no deal negotiated between us, except for a verbal
deal between Nick and Brian. Elliot is going to talk with Brian about a
deal for the future.

Elliot has agreed to be the formal point of contact for church related
business.

### Minister of Finance Report {#minister_of_finance_report}

Still scrubbing the membership list. We have a significant portion of
members who are either behind on dues or of an undetermined status.

25 members paid February's \$50 dues, resulting in an income of \$1250.

The bank accounts have been signed over to Elliot and Tim as of March 3,
2009.

### Minister of Information Report {#minister_of_information_report}

Dealing with the emails that have piled up in the request tracker and
moderating the mailing lists, so that things are up to date.

### Keeper of the MIBS Report {#keeper_of_the_mibs_report}

Working on a new website for HacDC.

## Consent Agenda {#consent_agenda}

### Basement Space Update {#basement_space_update}

Request for money for more Dry-Lock (\$75/5 gal buck. Estimate we need 4
more, but approved 5 so that we're sure to have enough.)

Radiator in the ceiling leaks and drips boiling water on your head.

Tim Collins asked about the dry-locked walls and if they all face the
outside. Dan drew the basement space, and explained how we could bring
power to the space.

Member 7 suggested asking the membership if we they have Dry-Lock.
Elliot expressed concern that people won't show up with any, and Dan
will be here to paint with no supplies.

Ben suggested approving 5 buckets, just to be safe.

Dan suggested announcing a painting party to the list for Saturday.
We'll have people show up at 11, do prep work, have lunch, then work
until it's done.

Authorization for 5 buckets of Dry-Lock was approved.

### Robert's Rules Discussion {#roberts_rules_discussion}

Serge expressed interest in finding out more about them.

Ben told him to google it.

## Member Reports {#member_reports}

Member 7: Attended [Dorkbot DC](http://dorkbot.org/dorkbotdc). Several
people seemed interesting in attending HacDC. Member 7 is willing to
help with setting up links to dismantling hardware and making blog posts
for it. Also found a guy from PC Recycling who would give a presentation
on what they do.

Serge: Reported on activities as PR Coordinator. Called in to
[Hackerspaces call in](http://hackerspaces.org/wiki/Call-in/2009.03.01)
and spoke with lots of other hackerspaces. Attending the [NoVa LUG
meeting](http://www.novalug.com/) to talk about HacDC. Asked for members
to send him email about other groups he can address.

## Old Business {#old_business}

### Door Entry Project: Discussed in CiC Report. {#door_entry_project_discussed_in_cic_report.}

## New Business {#new_business}

### Hosting

We need to find a new host. Dan suggested we could put a machine at
Tommy's house, with Business FIOS. He's willing to host it for free.

There was a discussion about whether a VPS account at a real hosting
company would be better.

### Dues Amnesty {#dues_amnesty}

Some "members" have not paid dues for many months, having fallen off the
automatic subscription system. They weren't reminded by us to make
payments, nor have they been notified that their membership has been
cancelled.

Idea: Forgive back dues for dues before March that were not recieved.
Moving forward, members will be given notice of dues deliquency.

Ben suggested declaring the amnesty for the month of march. If members
who owe back dues pay their March dues, they will remain a member in
good standing. If they don't, they'll no longer be a member.

Member 7 suggested changing the language to make it clear that we are
willing to accept the back dues if member's want to pay them.

### Expense Announce List {#expense_announce_list}

Tim is trying to increase transparency of our financial activities.
Create a mailing list open only to members, where each expenditure gets
sent to everyone so people will be aware of our burn rate and financial
picture.

Concerned about exposing more information than members are comfortable
with, but might be worthwhile anyway.

[Category:Meeting_Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
