`{{TOCright}}`{=mediawiki}

## Time and Location

:   Date: February 19 2019
:   Called to order at 7.30 pm by Karen
:   Members present: Kevin, Ken, Bobby, James, Dan, Karen
:   Members remote: Mirage, Tayeb, Enrique, Dave
:   Others present: ITechGeek? Aidan
:   [Quorum](Quorum) 6?

    :   Quorum met? Y

## Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes

## Recognition

Bobby for printing a new cool reel holder Mirage for calling meeting
with NoM and starting convo on fundraising Ken for persevering with his
community technology project Kevin for hard work on Taz James for
volunteering to fix laser cutter Dan plans to lend a 3d printer (woo
hoo) NOT FOR HACKING

## New Members

Noah, maybe?

## Old Business

IRC Bot hosted by ITechGeek - Kevin will take control if he receives
info on taking control. Failing that, it's not being used so the
suggestion is to kill it.

Outgoing process

Dumpster in parking lot now, general trash should go in there now
E-recycling this weekend - members will arrive around 10am Saturday to
start clearing out the basement. We can stack things on the 16th Street
side Members should claim/clear out their items HacDC does not plan to
toss tools, items labeled with names of current members, or items that
are considered valuable by consensus

Video cameras for the space - tabled for after the clean up

## New Business

Suggestions from Bobby:

1\. Supplies Manager that would monitor certain supplies like electrical
tape or printer filament 2. Get rid of fabric chairs 3. To do list of
things that need to be done 4. Minimum number of members in co-located
groups 5. Make sure Hams know about basement clean up - have them id
their equipment

James: willing to stand for election as Treasurer

Dave: 6-8 weeks lead time on a fundraiser like in a bar

## [Project Awesome](:Category:Project_Awesome) Reports

### Project SUPPLIES - Mirage

### Project EXPANSION - Mirage

### Project HAMRADIO - Jeff

### Project Electron Microscope (SEM) - Julia

### Project Optical Table Robot (OTR) - Julia

### Project CRISPR -Enrique

\- Report and updates

### Project SpaceBlimp -Enrique

\- Report and updates

### Project Media Outreach - Matt

### Project IT Infrastructure - Tom

## Member Reports

-   The evolution of the Lulzbot TAZ 1.0 continues apace: EEPROM
    settings have been enabled, which means that the machine is now both
    capable of reporting on a lot of its current settings, and storing
    some settings without recompiling and re-uploading the entire
    firmware. However, the calibration of the Z axis (steps per
    millimeter) is still an arcane, occult, dark art. --
    [Ubuntourist](User:Ubuntourist)

## Director Reports (Governance related stuff)

### President's Report

State of HacDC - last meeting before the annual bod election meeting
Rent is now 1591/month as long as we clear out half of the basement
Fundraising is top of mind Kevin, Ken, Dave and Karen visited Robert
Meins at Dupont Underground who is interested in partnering with HacDC
on events and possibly helping with his tech needs Karen's pipe dream:
if he is able to stay in the space beyond this year (he has a balloon
payment coming up on his lease with the city) HacDC might be able to
relocate there. Potential issues (besides tenancy) are hvac, access
(number of doors) and 'facilities' First up - another tour, plus
organizing movie night Karen is looking into a license to show a movie
publicly; if too expensive, we'll look into a public domain movie like
From the Earth to the Moon or Metropolis

Gofundme campaign - please share on your facebook pages

New member type discussion: Example: Unallocated Space: basic, no key,
some storage, WiFi, \$25/month For HacDC - no key, some storage, private
wifi, can still vote but not a meetup organizer

Meetup idea - silk screen workshop (TBD) with Dan

### Vice President's Report

### Treasurer's Report

As has been mentioned before, we continue to have regular membership
cover about 3/4 of the rent, and we have had several donations over the
past month to cover the rest. The church has raised the rent from \$1343
to \$1579, putting us in a little tighter position, however we still
enough funding to continue paying rent for many months to come. We lost
one member, and no longer have the extra membership dues from the people
who were paying back-dues from last year.

In concurrence with the president, we are considering a new
membership/donation tier. We are also set to file taxes to maintain our
status as a 501c3 coming this March.

### Secretary's Report

### Director-at-Large Reports

#### Kevin

State of 3d printers Upgraded firmware of Taz - things better, however,
the movement of the z axis is still not quite right, still working on
mapping for distance X and Y may need work but much better than the Z

#### Ken

Kevin and Ken attended the PSA 702 community outreach meeting Contact is
ANC member Brenda Richardson who has confirmed a technology demo with
Ken 2455 Alabama Ave. SE, Tuesday March 12 9.30 am to set up, tear down
around 5pm (before monthly member meeting back at HacDC) Demo is 11.30 -
2 - 3d printing, VR headsets, A/R, voice controlled robot, possibly
brain-computer interface Will run concurrently different stations all at
one time Room is small - could be a challenge with VR headsets but we'll
see Purpose is to spark some community partnerships to make new
technology available to local kids

## Adjournment

Adjourned by at 9.15pm with a motion by James, seconded by Karen, passed
by acclamation.

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
