`{{TOCright}}`{=mediawiki}

## Time and Location

:   Date March 13, 2018
:   Called to order at xxxx pm by xxxx
:   Members present: Julia, Tom, Bobby, Ken, Kevin, Nic, Ben, Tayeb
:   Members remote: Hunterkll
:   Others present:
:   [Quorum](Quorum)

    :   Quorum met? Yes

## Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes

## Recognition

## New Members

## Old Business

## New Business

\- Nancy = Membeship renewal

\- Discussing USASEF participation:

`  Requested two tables from Gary Maulin for lockpicking/3D printer setup/other members projects`\
`  We need a schedule for participation from HacDC members:`\
`  `\
`  Friday: Kevin, Tom (morning on Friday to help bring things), maybe Ben, Enrique (probably not)`\
`  Saturday: Tayeb, Ben, Kevin, Julia, Enrique`\
`  Sunday: Julia, Kevin, Ben (if low staff), Nic, Enrique, Bobby (teardown)`\

\- Need to find a new date for the 10th anniversary party. We'll discuss
it more over the blabber

## [Project Awesome](:Category:Project_Awesome) Reports

### Project SUPPLIES - Mirage

### Project EXPANSION - Mirage

### Project HAMRADIO - Jeff

### Project Electron Microscope (SEM) - Julia

Stalled for last month, we have new seals except for the one we know is
damaged. We need to find the information about the damaged seal and then
replace it

### Project Optical Table Robot (OTR) -Julia

### Project CRISPR -Enrique

No update; too busy with Spaceblimp lately.

### Project SpaceBlimp -Enrique

Enrique: Launch date (for test-launch) looks like 2018/03/24

Nancy: We will be working with Houston Elementary School, they are
excited to participate. We are in conversation about how we are going to
manage the students. Most likely it will be us going to them. My idea is
that the students visit all of the different organizations that are
involved in the Space Blimp project. We also have a group of Girl Scouts
that will be getting involved. We are working on those last details.

### Project Media Outreach - Matt

### Project IT Infrastructure - Tom

No IT needs this month.

## Member Reports

\- Bobby: Make sure that we are documenting the projects as they go to
make sure that if the lead person is unable to work, the project can
continue

\- Enrique: Has a couple of HDMI VGA adapters that he meant to bring in

## Director Reports (Governance related stuff)

### President's Report

### Vice President's Report

I've been making a bunch of new computers for the space. New lasercutter
driver, new Classroom TV, new basement TV.

Also got access to the phone system recently. I've setup a voip phone in
the basement, which can be rung from the main menu.

I've created a roadmap for work to be done on the lasercutter.

I got somebody to come pick up some of our trash, with the potential to
come pick up more trash in the future.

I'm trying to create a wiki for reverse engineering in general. I think
I've purchased a domain, ikiw.io, and will provision a server for it
eventually.

### Treasurer's Report

I have not fully transferred all account credentials since this past
weekend.

I am currently looking over the Google Drive spreadsheets to get a
better assessment of our financial situation. I will also be talking to
the past treasurer Enrique as soon as possible to make sure that I can
change the two-factor authentication system to work with my setup.

We have not collected dues from several members for the past three
months, we will send an email to the members affected and charge \$90
instead of \$60 to close the gap from the months lost (for 6 months,
then back to \$60).

We will be sending out an email in the future to tell old subscribers to
update their subscription to the new PayPal system that does
auto-renewals (as opposed to requiring me to manually request every
month).

### Secretary's Report

### Director-at-Large Reports

#### Kevin

-   Set up a meeting with Open Technology Institute, with Ken, Julia,
    myself and Karen in attendance. More follow-up needed but positive
    response from OTI and offers to help.
-   Met with a PSA-702 in SE to establish relationships with potentially
    interested parties. Most notably, the Ward 8 liaison from the
    Mayor's Office of Community Relations and Services, who spoke about
    a technical training center for job training.
-   Upgraded the whee white whireless wrouter to replace the big one
    currently being used with the Polycom UFO / VoIP setup.
-   Continue to run dist-upgrades on lots of machines in the space.
-   Helping out with a tentative migration to Linode...

#### Ken

## Other Notes

Nancy membership renewal: Nancy is forced by the law to disclose this.
She will be sensitive to the notes that we are taking.

She is reading a letter that we will attach.

Nancy has formally submitted a complaint to the Human Rights
Organization about three prior members of the BOD.

## Adjournment

Adjourned by at xxx by xxx

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
