`{{TOCright}}`{=mediawiki}

## Time and Location {#time_and_location}

:   Date: April 20th 2021
:   Called to order at 7:30 pm by Tayeb Zaidi
:   Members present: Michelle, Ken, Kevin, Matt, Gabe, Oby
:   Members remote:
:   Others present: Maurice, Sanjay
:   [Quorum](Quorum)

    :   Quorum met? Yes

## Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes {#approval_of_previous_meetings_minutes}

## Recognition

## New Members {#new_members}

## Old Business {#old_business}

## New Business {#new_business}

-   Potential collaboration with Maurice Jones co-founder of [PAR
    Recycle Works](https://home.par-recycleworks.org/), regarding
    reducing electronic waste while educating folks about Linux et al
    and generating some goodwill with St. Stephen's. For a very
    successful model to dream of, see [Free
    Geek](https://www.freegeek.org/) (and "[Free Geek provides jobs and
    free classes to the
    community](https://opensource.com/life/13/1/free-geek)".)

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Open Project Night will be starting in May! --
    <https://www.meetup.com/hac-dc/events/277554791/>

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Wikimedia foundation collaboration -- host a wikipedia editing
    session either at HacDC or another site and invite HacDC
    participants (Gabe will look into options) --
    <https://meta.wikimedia.org/wiki/WikiConference_North_America/2020>

## [Project Awesome](:Category:Project_Awesome) Reports {#project_awesome_reports}

### Project SUPPLIES - Mirage {#project_supplies___mirage}

### Project EXPANSION - Mirage {#project_expansion___mirage}

### Project HAMRADIO - Jeff {#project_hamradio___jeff}

### Project Electron Microscope (SEM) - Julia {#project_electron_microscope_sem___julia}

### Project Optical Table Robot (OTR) - Julia {#project_optical_table_robot_otr___julia}

### Project CRISPR -Enrique {#project_crispr__enrique}

\- Report and updates

### Project SpaceBlimp -Enrique {#project_spaceblimp__enrique}

\- Report and updates

### Project Media Outreach - Matt {#project_media_outreach___matt}

### Project IT Infrastructure - Tom {#project_it_infrastructure___tom}

## Member Reports {#member_reports}

## Director Reports (Governance related stuff) {#director_reports_governance_related_stuff}

### President's Report {#presidents_report}

### Vice President's Report {#vice_presidents_report}

### Treasurer's Report {#treasurers_report}

Increase of \$333 from last month's total balance, total revenue
\$1070/month

### Secretary's Report {#secretarys_report}

### Director-at-Large Reports {#director_at_large_reports}

#### ???

#### ??? {#section_1}

## Adjournment

Adjourned by at 9:00pm by Tayeb Zaidi

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
