`{{TOCright}}`{=mediawiki}

## Time and Location {#time_and_location}

:   Date: November 17th, 2020
:   Called to order at 7:35 pm by Karen
:   Members present: (7) Karen, Ken, Luis, Matt, Ken, Tayeb, Kevin
:   Members remote: None
:   Others present:
:   [Quorum](Quorum)

    :   Quorum met? Yes

## Approval of [Previous Meeting's Minutes](Regular_Member_Meeting_2020_10_13) {#approval_of_previous_meetings_minutes}

Approved

## Recognition

## New Members {#new_members}

No new members

## Old Business {#old_business}

-   Tayeb: Successful HacDC Software Defined Radio meetup! Going to
    continue on September 23rd, this time by posting ahead of time all
    of the GNURadio flowgraphs -- re-upped

## New Business {#new_business}

-   Tayeb: Keep Meetup updated (members meeting)

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Laptop distribution and acquisition to DCPS (could use some of the
    space in the church for an event if we need) invite people to come
    to us to donate and help -- possibly install Raspberry Pi OS. Reach
    out to Mike -- does he know of any organization that we could
    connect with, who is doing pods? Raspberry Pi 400? Look into this
    for seeing if possible to acquire -- Action item email for Mike to
    be written by Tayeb

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Tayeb: Adding software synthesizer meetup in mid-December

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   John: Time of year to talk to Mike about the future years rent
    situation -- should we reach out to Mike or wait for him to reach
    out to us?

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Ken: We should capitalize on the outreach efforts we have made --
    reach out to Dorothy at the Nation of Makers, Ken to send email to
    reach out

<https://twitter.com/makercaucus> Yuri Beckelman Deputy Chief of Staff
Office of Congressman Mark Takano (CA-41) Yuri.Beckelman@mail.house.gov

Trey Lathe \< trey@nomcon.org \>

Official Twitter handle of the Congressional Maker Caucus
CoChairsðŸ˜¡RepTimRyan \@SusanWBrooks \@RepMarkTakano \@RepSteveStivers

-   Kevin: Is there a possibility of making the servers available to
    HacDC members? Tayeb volunteers himself to try initial setup of the
    servers sometime in the month of December! Reach out to Ethan Waldo

## [Project Awesome](:Category:Project_Awesome) Reports {#project_awesome_reports}

### Project HAMRADIO - Jeff {#project_hamradio___jeff}

### Project Electron Microscope (SEM) {#project_electron_microscope_sem}

## Member Reports {#member_reports}

## Director Reports (Governance related stuff) {#director_reports_governance_related_stuff}

### President's Report {#presidents_report}

### Vice President's Report {#vice_presidents_report}

### Treasurer's Report {#treasurers_report}

Financial Report: Current Balance -- \$5495 We currently have 16 paying
members, \$870 from dues and an additional \$370 from donations. Rent is
\$732 for September, total expenses are \$793

HacDC Amateur Radio Club to itemize the costs of their equipment to add
to the insurance -- Matt: Someone from the Ham Radio Club to talk to him
so that the insurance can be updated Karen to send Matt the email of a
member who may be falling off the membership rolls

### Secretary's Report {#secretarys_report}

### Director-at-Large Reports {#director_at_large_reports}

## Adjournment

Adjourned by at 20:38 by Karen

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
