**Note:** This page serves as the 2010-06-8 Member Meeting's agenda
(before the meeting) and minutes (after the meeting).

## Time and Location

June 8, 2010 Meeting called to order at \_7:36\_\_ by \_\_Daniel
Packer\_\_

Members Present: Daniel P, Elliot W, Jamie A, Arc R, Jason D, Bradford
B, Alan M, Alberto, Tim Ball, Martin, Dan B

Others: Erica Kane, Sean Nock, Steven Hamrick, Tim S

## Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes

[Regular Member Meeting 2010 05
11](Regular_Member_Meeting_2010_05_11)

## Director Reports

### President's Report

Changes in space planning process

-   Include more folks by slowing down process

### Treasurer's Report

-   Net \~ \$700 income, not all pledges payed

### Vice President's Report

-   Meeting tomorrow at bank, Dan P to join to attempt cancellation of
    POS

### Secretary's Report

-   Membership report
    -   Todd and Dan B to audit membership status for every member

### Director-at-Large Reports

-   Will in India on voluntourism trip
-   Katie at work, tending to a spacecraft

## Member Reports

Daniel

-   Space planning meetings, adjustments to process?
-   Web site

Alberto

-   Kickstarter/ fund raising, needs a proposal to do it. Tim B. offered
    to help and laid out some example campaign amounts.

Riley has offered to laser cut sponsor gifts.

Andrew Q / Andrew K

-   door project

Dan Barlow

-   paintbot

Brad B. Meetup.com suggestion and pricing.

Eric Inventory software report.

## Old Business

## New Business

-   Proposed designs for meeting room (vote?)

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Budget for new space (vote?)

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Redbeard's Mural

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   New server needed (old web server is going away)
    -   Daniel offering to lead migration to new server, will propose
        VPS account (\$30 512MB linode.com account)
    -   Proposal for creation of sysadmin team and adoption of sysadmin
        team policies
-   [Hedy Lamarr
    mural](http://wiki.hacdc.org/index.php/File:Hedy_lamar_v3.png)

None of the above required vote at this time.

## New Members

-   Erica K.
-   Andrew K.
-   Sean N
-   Steven
-   Tim S

## Adjournment

Adjourned at \_\_8:55pm\_\_\_\_\_.

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
