`{{TOCright}}`{=mediawiki}

## Time and Location

:   February 11, 2014
:   Called to order at 2011 by Ben.
:   Members present: Ben, Nicholas, Brian, Mike, Dan, Adhir, Hax, Kevin,
    Zack, Julia
:   Others present: Bobbie, Elizabeth, 1 other

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```

:   [Quorum](Quorum)?

    :   Quorum met?

## Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes

[Regular Member Meeting 2014 01
14](Regular_Member_Meeting_2014_01_14)

## Recognition

### Martin Rothfield

I would like to recognize Martin's years of contributions to HacDC from
its inception until his regrettable resignation. During the early days,
he put in countless hours getting the space organized, including
building shelves. This sweat equity continued to grow in countless
projects throughout the years. He is a generous teacher and helped me
and others on many occasions overcome our technical inadequacies. He
spearheaded the organization and creation of HARC, organized presenters,
and funded the direct mail initiative to increase its membership. I'm
going to miss his energy around the space. Thank you, Martin. -- Alberto

### Others

-   David McInnis for LED shelf lighting.
-   Zack, Julia Longtin, Sharad and others for Basement Cleanup.
-   mirage335 for finishing the biosignal amplifier project and drafting
    the announcement (which Alberto posted).
-   Dan Barlow for help with photolithography research.
-   ITechGeek for replacing the occupancy sensor server-side software.

## Director Reports

### President's Report

The BOD voted to accept the donation of a Scanning Electron Microscope
(SEM). We have not yet worked out the details of how we will take
delivery or where we will set it up. The likely candidate at the moment
are:

A\) Somewhere in the basement. B) In the workshop directly opposite the
door.

<http://www.microscopy-uk.org.uk/mag/indexmag.html?http://www.microscopy-uk.org.uk/mag/artsep08/tk-sem.html>

Unallocated Space continues to suggest that we should do more
inter-hackerspace projects and activities.

Last month I visited FouLab in Montreal. They converted a refrigerator
into a keggorator with 4 taps, all serving different hackerspace
homebrews. We need some HacDC homebrew!

### Vice President's Report

Router fixed (Thanks Julia)! Church server replaced. Want to wire the
space with cat-5e to lower funkiness with wifi connectivity.

### Treasurer's Report

Here is the financial summary spreadsheet for January 2014:
![](HacDC_Financials_2014_01.pdf "HacDC_Financials_2014_01.pdf"). In the
past month we received resignations from At-Large Director Shawn Nock,
long-time contributor Martin Rothfield, Ken Chalk, Richard Pournelle,
Zach Walls, Jarett DeAngelis, Erica Kane, and Robert King. We have one
new member, Abe. Including dues-paying, dues-waived, and
behind-on-dues-but-repaying members, we have 57 members.

#### Project Awesome

Here is the Project Awesome spreadsheet for January:
![](HacDC_PA_Projects-2014_01.pdf "HacDC_PA_Projects-2014_01.pdf").
Since we have a negative surplus for the first time since December 2012,
I cannot justify declaring a Project Awesome dividend for the month.

### Secretary's Report

-   Calendar of non-HacDC events. <http://jbwa.net/HacDC.php>
    `<ITG Comments>`{=html}If people like, I'll move it over to the
    HacDC site. Also other calendars can be added from sites like
    Meet-up (Maybe NOVA Labs?).`</ITG Comments>`{=html}
-   Increasing cross-talk between spaces in the region. Looking for
    help.
-   GE Garages? We were propositioned to "work with them"... deadline
    for response is Friday, don't know what this really is.
-   Don't leave empty food containers in the space.

### Director-at-Large Reports

#### ???

#### Reuven

## [Project Awesome](:Category:Project_Awesome) Reports

### Project LASER

Dan: bought 4x8' sheets of acrylic for people to use. Donations
suggested, not required. Please tell Dan what other colors you'd like to
have. Also, tried experiment with acrylic cement which seemed to go
well. Ask him for more details. Pointer guide laser will be repaired,
\~\$80. Improvements on ventilation made.

### Project BYZANTIUM

Almost have a working build system. RasPi port is going well. Talked
with FouLab about using Babble protocol. Momentum is good, progress
being made.

### Project KITBUILD

Nothing new to report. Kitbuild continues to plan for a way to combine
resources with another initiative. Recent talk about running an ongoing
basic microcontroller curriculum on Mondays may offer an opportunity to
have a kit build before the advent of the HacDC Summer School 2014
session.

### Project SUPPLIES

Authorized \~\$100 reimbursement for shelf lighting. Funds are generally
healthy and stable at \~\$1.3k .

### Project EXPANSION

We could purchase a low cost vertical bandsaw for \~\$150, instead of
waiting for the \$300 some have suggested may be needed. Expect this to
be as functional as the last one. Any interest?

### Project SPACECAM

Kevin: New box for meeting A/V. Google has changed things in Hangouts
recently. Currently tethering off his phone, which works well. We should
consider how we'd like to do this in the future, perhaps ppl volunteer
their bandwidth, but there should be dedicated network access for
meetings. Please don't touch the A/V machine if it's on.

## Member Reports

### David Mc

Working on lighting for the new shelves in the basement. Have lights,
tweaking mounting.. need help finding **efficient** power supplies: 10 x
12v @ 2 to 4A (prefer 3A but anywhere in that range).. can be any mix of
units quantized at \~3A. meaning 1 x 30A supply or 10 x 3A
supplies...etc.

### mirage335

Current policy requires 3 months for us to get rid of things. Would like
to change to something, at least temporarily, to get rid of stuff
faster.

#### Prusa Mendel 3D Printer

Seems to be holding together... finally. Resolution remains at 75
microns.

#### Photolithography PCB Fab

SUCCESS! We can now make high-resolution professional quality PCBs at
HacDC.

Fully tested, working, and documented. See
<http://wiki.hacdc.org/index.php/Category:Photolithography_PCB_Fab> .

#### Projector/OpenDisplay

Still need just one more Giant Fresnel Lens.

#### Flex Replicator

Same as last time. Nearly complete.

#### Optical Table CNC

Still urgently stalled by the HacDC cleanup.

#### Biohacking

##### Imagnus

Video demo was given last week. Continuing to bring a real medical
product with genuine humanitarian benefits to market.

##### Biosignal Amplifier

SUCCESS! Detailed usage information is available:
<http://wiki.hacdc.org/index.php/Category:BiosignalAmplifier>

Fully working, ultra-high-performance, USB 'plug-and-play' tool built by
HacDC members, for HacDC biohackers!

Please be careful. While reasonable safety features are incorporated,
please read the safety section before using. Also, the whole system is
custom made, expensive, and somewhat difficult to replace (especially
the amplifier board).

###### Credit

Design is by mirage335. Credit to HacDC and its biohacking community for
electronics testing and construction equipment. Additionally, special
thanks to the following for enthusiasm and prototype funding:

-   Shawn Nock
-   Sharad Satsangi
-   Stuart Washington
-   The Real Plato
-   Logan Scheel

##### Policy Changes

More changes have been made to the proposed
[ExcessDisposal](ExcessDisposal) policy. However, since there
is still a lot of debate over this policy, I suggest it not be voted on
yet.

#### Occupancy Sensor

Back online, thanks to ITechGeek rebuilding the server-side software to
bring the data to the outside world.

#### WYSE Terminals

Would still like to see the remaining 30 units delivered at HacDC. They
will be well used, by HacDC members and/or classes.

Additionally, a machine at HacDC has been identified with 16GB RAM
compatibility.

#### New QTH

Zip code 20132. Should be able to offer HacDC a new RF viewpoint soon.

Presently relying cellular connectivity for internet access. Limited
GB/mo. Should be resolved soon.

#### Request for Expedient Disposal

As it stands now, HacDC policy requires **THREE MONTHS** to dispose of
items on the going-out pile. Would appreciate temporary authorization
for myself and Dan Barlow to remove going-out pile items on a three day
rotation instead. We have a lot of junk to clear out, much of which has
been unearthed as desired items were moved to the new shelves.

## Old Business

## New Business

Provide Martin a keyholding honorary (nonpaying) membership.

Election of a new at-large director: According to our
[Bylaws](Bylaws), "Vacancies on the board shall be filled at
the next regular meeting using the applicable process outlined in
[Section 3](Bylaws#Section_3:_Elections)."

Authorize mirage335 and Dan Barlow to remove going-out pile items on a
three day rotation.

## New Members

-   Elizabeth: Interested in the creative side of things and working
    with other groups.
-   Nicholas: Likes coding and electronics.
-   Ariam: Interested in joining but not in town very often. Electricity
    and internet in Sierra Leone. Looking for tips on workshops,
    curriculum etc.

All three were voted in.

## Adjournment

Adjourned at 2100.

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
