`{{TOCright}}`{=mediawiki}

## Time and Location {#time_and_location}

:   June 13, 2017
:   Called to order at 8:20 pm by Enrique
:   Members present: Matt Z, Ken K., Ankeet P., Enrique C., James S.
:   Members remote: Julia
:   Others present: Phillip, Bobby
:   [Quorum](Quorum)

    :   Quorum met? No, 6/7 (28 members).

## Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes {#approval_of_previous_meetings_minutes}

## Recognition

-   Tom and James for work on the laser cutter; Tom added a web server
    for it. James helped me 'cut' a sapphire wafer. Half cut, half
    cracked at least.
-   Julia has had full-house open-house events twice a week for several
    weeks.

## New Members {#new_members}

## Old Business {#old_business}

-   We have 12 signatures on the bylaws amendment pettition, out of
    about 28 members. We've still to email the petition to members or
    mail hardcopies, but this illustrates the reason we need this
    amendment in the first place... Please Sign/Consider if you are
    present. Now.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Review/discuss/vote on the new draft of the HSTS MOU, already
    discussed some last month:
    <http://wiki.hacdc.org/index.php/File:HacDC_HSTS_MOUv3.pdf>

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Review/discuss/vote on Ken's proposal that HacDC act as a fiscal
    sponsor, detailed previously:

<http://wiki.hacdc.org/index.php/File:HacDC-FiscalSponsorship.pdf>

## New Business {#new_business}

-   Shirts. Enrique drew up, ordered and paid for t-shirts with the
    HacDC logo but I'd like to just sell them to HacDC rather than sell
    them myself piecemeal. So far I've sold or given away 6 or 7 shirts,
    so I'd like HacDC to purchase the rest from me. I can provide the
    invoice.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Liability waivers for kids. We have several minors that frequent the
    space weekly now. What waivers do we have, what waviers should we
    have?

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Do we want to come out and play at the Columbia Heights and
    Community Service Providers meeting hosted by Thrive DC on June 22,
    2017? (We were invited.) The text of the invitation:

:   

    :   ***I am writing to invite you to join us for a Columbia Heights
        and Community Service Providers meeting to be held at Thrive DC
        on June 22, 2017 from 11 - 2 pm at Thrive DC 1525 Newton Street
        NW. This is an opportunity for service providers in the area to
        meet, greet and get to know about what services are being
        offered in our community. As times get tougher and our clients
        are increasingly affected we need to be connected and aware of
        the work of our neighbors.***

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```

:   

    :   ***Schedule:***
    :   \* ***11:00 AM - 11:45 AM Attendees arrive, coffee & tea
        provided.***
    :   \* ***11:45 AM Lunch is served***
    :   \* ***12:00 PM - 1:00 PM Organizations provide short
        introduction***
    :   \* ***1:00 PM - 2:00 PM Open meet & greet between attendees***

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```

:   

    :   ***Please send your Director of Social Services (or equivalent)
        and another staff member. And share this invitation with other
        organizations in the Columbia Heights/Mount Pleasant/Adams
        Morgan/Petworth/Park View area that you think will benefit.***

-   Nancy: We're also invited to the YMCA science & engineering event;
    theyr'e interested in having us show off 3D printers. The executive
    director said they can offer transporation and meals (Breafkast and
    lunch), and they expect about 4000 kids attending. Somewhere in
    Virginia, July 28, I think. I'm proposing going to this event,
    promoting ourselves and connecting with the YMCA. Will post details
    on Blabber.

## [Project Awesome](:Category:Project_Awesome) Reports {#project_awesome_reports}

### Project SUPPLIES {#project_supplies}

No expenses yet.

Needle tip for WSM1 soldering iron should be replaced. More lights and
wall anchors are needed for the basement. Around the Taig CNC mill, a
plexiglass sheet should be available to limit mess. A small folding
table would also be nice to have around the Taig CNC mill.

### Project EXPANSION {#project_expansion}

No expenses yet.

A proper, Li-Ion powered impact driver/wrench and hammer drill has been
a ridiculously long neglected need at HacDC. Recommend a Bosch combo kit
with support for use as an impact wrench providing around 150ft.lbs.
torque. Recommend CLPK250-181L for its uniquely compact assortment of
essential features and power.

### Project HAMRADIO {#project_hamradio}

### Project Electron Microscope (SEM) {#project_electron_microscope_sem}

-   No time. I'm just the figurehead project point-of-contact but have
    no time to work on this myself. The SEM is ready to test but I'd
    like to make sure nothing has fallen into the high-voltage
    electronics before powering it up. Otherwise it's simple: Plug in,
    turn on, watch the vaccum gauge... does it go below 10\^-2 Torr? If
    yes, there might be a gauge/interlock problem. If no, there's a
    vacuum leak to find and fix.

### Project Optical Table Robot (OTR) {#project_optical_table_robot_otr}

### Project CRISPR {#project_crispr}

-   We purchased and received a refill kit with fresh (live) E.Coli
    HME63 bacteria, DNA, RNA, supplies, etc.

### Project SpaceBlimp {#project_spaceblimp}

-   There discussions of a meeting but it did not happen I think.

## Member Reports {#member_reports}

Enrique - I put together and purchased a bunch of shirts with the HacDC
logo; they were \$10 each for the unisex one, \$15 each for the women's
(they're softer) and the black ones. The black ones just have the logo
with no text at all; I emailed the designs out. If someone wants one,
let me know and pay me for it. I've sold a few so far. In addition, I
propose that HacDC purchase these shirts from me and do whatever HacDC
wants to do with them (sell them, give them to long-time members, give
them to all members, etc), whatever. It's been pointed out that members
get just about zero perks or swag for supporting HacDC month after
month. Other organizations give their contributors something like cheap
t-shirts to aid advertising, recruitment, etc.

Enrique - the Oculus PC is back and not working; the video card stopped
putting out any output and I haven't had time to troubleshoot it. If we
manage to get it up again I'll bring the Oculus back, otherwise
whatever.

## Director Reports {#director_reports}

### President's Report {#presidents_report}

### Vice President's Report {#vice_presidents_report}

### Treasurer's Report {#treasurers_report}

-   We received our tax-exemption letter from the DC Office of Taxation,
    similar to the IRS 501c3 determination letter, which HacDC had
    neglected or not bothered to apply for. But we applied and
    straightened that out so we're straight with the DC government in
    addition to the IRS and better qualified to accept grants or
    whatever HacDC wants to do in the future.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Next we'll apply for a basic business license and a solicitation
    license, which are \$220 and \$420 and good for two years. Not cheap
    but I think we need this in order to ask people for money, which we
    do. So basically I'm not comfortable not doing this and being
    treasurer, so I'll do it.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   We received \$250 from Positive Force, the proceeds from their music
    show to benefit HacDC.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   I forgot to bill a whole bunch of people (everyone I was supposed to
    bill) in May, so May sucks, and I'm going to bill those members \$90
    for June and July instead.... again, because I suck.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   We wrote our last check for June rent and some DCRA application
    fees. We are out of checks. The new checkbook I ordered from
    VistaPrint is missing, seems to have disappeared between the UPS
    delivery and our mailbox unless it magically shows up. Mike is
    aware... I'll have to order another, i guess. They will only ship it
    to the address on the checks.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Financial Statement Jan-May 2017:
    <http://wiki.hacdc.org/index.php/File:HacDC_2017-5.pdf>
-   Project Awesome Statement Jan-May 2017:
    <http://wiki.hacdc.org/images/a/aa/HacDC_2017-5_Projects.pdf>

### Secretary's Report {#secretarys_report}

### Director-at-Large Reports {#director_at_large_reports}

#### Mike

#### Matt

Expect to be doing some Project OTR work in the near future.

## Adjournment

Adjourned by at 10:00pm by Enrique

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
