`{{TOCright}}`{=mediawiki}

## Time and Location

:   June 11 2019
:   Called to order at 7:58pm by Karen
:   Members present: Ken, Kevin, Bobby, Karen, James
:   Members remote:
:   Others present: Kyle, ITechGeek (remote)
:   Quorum: 5

    :   Quorum met? Y

## Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes

Karen has to type in from recap email - can present for approval in July

## Recognition

-   Karen et al for an outstanding Tech Circus at the Dupont Underground

## New Members

Maxxwell Michelle

## Old Business

-   Letterhead finished? Where's it at?
-   On a related note, a "Thank you" (on letterhead) to Bruno for the
    hardware donation

## New Business

## [Project Awesome](:Category:Project_Awesome) Reports

### Project SUPPLIES - Mirage

### Project EXPANSION - Mirage

### Project HAMRADIO - Jeff

### Project Electron Microscope (SEM) - Julia

### Project Optical Table Robot (OTR) - Julia

### Project CRISPR -Enrique

\- Report and updates

### Project SpaceBlimp -Enrique

\- Report and updates

### Project Media Outreach - Matt

### Project IT Infrastructure - Tom

## Member Reports

-   Kevin: I continue to struggle with the TAZ 1.0 and am beginning to
    believe that there is a hardware failure. The system consistently
    fails to recognize where the home position of the Z axis is, and
    grinds the extruder into the bed. However, I've considerably shrunk
    the distance for moving the Z axis AWAY from the bed. Telling the
    TAZ to move the Z axis up 1 mm is now much closer to 1 mm instead of
    100 mm.

\[Karen note\]Julia may be coming to visit DC soon, so perhaps she can
take a peek.

## Director Reports (Governance related stuff)

### President's Report

Exiles on U Street fundraiser planning Cryptoparty - figure out a date
maybe fall 2019? 3d printing class the week of June 24 - guinea pigs are
ready, just need to confirm with Matt Code of conduct Next movie night
next July 12 - maybe Young Frankenstein? Real Genius? Field trip to
Nonstop Art week of July 1 - see how they are using their space,
volunteer to support them on a project and, hopefully, learn about
community projects in the process.

### Vice President's Report

### Treasurer's Report

17 members, 2 of whom are students Took over square, can take cc
payments (reader in bod locker) Namecheap is registrar for hackdc.org -
don't think we need it. We'll keep it Need to do signature cards still
Still need to pay for HacDC's portion of dumpster rental Business
license \$26/month for two years - recommends paying it since we are
very close to the limit for those businesses that need a license Did a
survey of other spaces, membership fees are generally \$70/month -
should we raise membership fees for new members? Also work on benefit
offerings. Please remember to use smile.amazon.com

### Secretary's Report

### Director-at-Large Reports

#### Kevin

see member report

#### Ken

Continues to attend PSA 702 meetings, will be working with kids to use
the VR system as a motivator Will be setting up an account for HacDC
with no purchasing privileges for his Vive - still working through the
requirements

## Adjournment

Adjourned by at 8.50p by Karen

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
