`{{TOCright}}`{=mediawiki}

## Time and Location

:   Date
:   Called to order at 7:46 pm by Enrique
:   Members present: Evan W., Evan M., Tom, Nancy, Ken, Bobby, Enrique,
    Julia
:   Members remote: Kevin, Don
:   Others present: Ajax
:   [Quorum](Quorum)

    :   Quorum met?

        :   yes

## Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes

## Recognition

## New Members

## Old Business

## New Business

Vote to approve standing rules as written. *(Vote to approve Article
V[1](http://wiki.hacdc.org/index.php/Standing_Rules#Article_V:_Materiel)
passed. Vote to approve Article
IV[2](http://wiki.hacdc.org/index.php/Standing_Rules#Article_IV:_Meetings)
was postponed.)*

Vote to remove redundant, superseded language about quorum in standing
rules. *(Vote to invalidate all standing rules contradicted by our
bylaws passed)*

Vote to retroactively approve of any past actions taken in line with
these new standing rules. *(Vote passed)*

Vote to approve any and all votes which may have been taken under an
improperly defined quorum. *(Vote Passed)*

## Director Reports

### President's Report

### Vice President's Report

Have web conferencing working but we are in serious need of a decent
room mic solution. I need to test compatibility with a suggested
solution before I seek funds for purchase. Have all the parts for the
remote reboot project and need to put it all together with Hack-a-day
project and other documentation. IT systems have been running smoothly
with no firewall crashing issues so no need to replace hardware
currently.

### Treasurer's Report

I've been out of town, so this may be a short report. Also because I
left town, we paid July rent early, and I forgot to bill a handful of
members for June, so the June balance looks lower than usual but it's
temporary. Sorry to anyone who gets billed twice in July to make up for
it.

### Secretary's Report

I have mentioned in previous meetings that I reviewed the standing
rules.

To see my rationale, you may view the history of this page here:

<http://wiki.hacdc.org/index.php?title=Standing_Rules&action=history>

particularly this first edit,

"09:11, 4 March 2016‎ Tom (Talk \| contribs)‎ . . (32 bytes) (+32)‎ . .
(Tom moved page Standing Rules to Old Standing Rules: These are
ancient)"

These are the old standing rules:

<http://wiki.hacdc.org/index.php/Old_Standing_Rules>

Basically useless.

The current page was kept under "Proposed standing rules". In my review,
I realized that most of these standing rules had been approved. So I
just moved it from "Proposed standing rules" to "Standing Rules",
provided annotations and links to relevant meeting minutes, and moved
the old standing rules as above.

I trust this doesn't require much explanation.

I also noticed some sensible seeming rules that did not seem to have
been voted on, but I think are good rules that we should have.

Article IV,
<http://wiki.hacdc.org/index.php/Standing_Rules#Article_IV:_Meetings>

Sections 4-6 did not seem to have been voted on.

Article V,
<http://wiki.hacdc.org/index.php/Standing_Rules#Article_V:_Materiel>

Looks like the whole section hasn't been voted on.

I think we should vote to approve these two sections and also vote to
declare them as retroactively applicable, i.e., that we understand them
to be good policy and we regard any actions taken in the past, that were
in line with these rules, as legitimate.

This section on quorum is redundant, and should be removed:

<http://wiki.hacdc.org/index.php/Standing_Rules#Quorum>

Quorum is defined in our bylaws.

We should vote to remove it, but I also believe we should vote to
retroactively consider any votes taken under a quorum met under this
rule as legitimate.

Or we could decide that's not a good idea, but I will be unable and
largely unwilling to go back and try to figure out which votes we should
nullify, because that's stupid.

These are the specifics of my recommendations.

In general, it seems like the standing rules are poorly understood by
our membership. Maybe some people knew what they were, but as the
documentation was confusing and inconsistent, I think it's only due to
the institutional memory of active members of the club and oral
tradition. This is problematic for many reasons, some of which should be
quite obvious. I invited the membership to read the standing rules and
highlight anything they thought looked drastically incorrect or
inconsistent that I may have missed. I realize that people may have
ideas for improvements they might like to see voted on; members are
always welcome to work with each other and bring changes to our standing
rules through the e-mail list, or any other venue, to be voted on in our
monthly meetings.

### Director-at-Large Reports

#### Mike

#### Matt

-   Starlight server needs a magnetic fan bracket.
-   Design work towards the OTR is going well.

## [Project Awesome](:Category:Project_Awesome) Reports

### Project SUPPLIES

Nothing to report.

### Project EXPANSION

Nothing to report.

### Project HAMRADIO

ham radio report when you need it is.... HacDC Amateur Radio Club makes
22 contacts from Presidents Park in front of the White House June 18th.
We will return again August 25th for the National Park Service
Centinniel. Arrl Field Day was a complete success. Lots of new faces.
Harc has given 70+ amateur radio exams in the first 7 months of this
year. Wed July 13 speaker meeting is DC Gov CERT. Visit our website for
details. Look for us September 25 at the Silver Spring Maker Faire. We
are saving our project awsome money and seeking donations for a new hf
antenna system and 1.5 kw amplifier. We need \$7000.00.

### Project Electron Microscope (SEM)

Need to verify last distribution can afford vacuum sensor.

### Project Optical Table Robot (OTR)

### Project CRISPR

Nancy and I attended the BUGSS Microbiology Bootcamp and learned some
hands-on techniques for DNA extraction, introduction, etc. The exercise
was to extract plasmid DNA from bacteria, add the enzymes to cut a
segment of it off and introducing that DNA into a different strain of
bacteria. Have not received the CRISPR DIY kit yet, which should be
arriving soon. Still taking donations for anyone who would like to help
out.

## Member Reports

## Adjournment

Adjourned at 9:09pm by Julia

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
