`{{TOCright}}`{=mediawiki}

## Time and Location {#time_and_location}

:   Date
:   Called to order at 7:47 pm by Tom
:   Members present: Tom Ken Kevin James
:   Members remote: juri\_ mirage335
:   Others present: nobody
:   [Quorum](Quorum)

    :   Quorum met? no

## Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes {#approval_of_previous_meetings_minutes}

<http://wiki.hacdc.org/index.php/Regular_Member_Meeting_2017_02_14>

## Recognition

-   Correction to last month: Kevin bought the Flexystruder head and
    NinjaFlex rubber filament, and taught the Lulzbot Mini how to print
    rubber after installing the new head.
-   James has been putting the lasercutter into service with some help
    from Tom. We are working getting the actual laser to fire on
    appropriate gcode command.
-   SEM vacuum gauge has arrived.
-   Ken reports his robotic finger now operates on voice command.
-   Pres. and VP picked up a haul from a local non-profit's former
    server room on moving out.
-   <http://implicitcad.org> now works!
-   President@hacdc.org is celebrating upcoming nuptials in St Stephens'
    Church! Saturday 2pm. Congratulations Julia and Jesse!
-   Julia found a microcontroller with an RS485 port to talk to the
    vacuum gauge on the SEM.
-   We participated in 3d/dc again this year. Julia spoke on a panel,
    "Women in 3d Printing".

`   [20:07] ``<juri_>`{=html}` it was recorded, and will be on the public knowledge wiki page within ~2 months.`

-   James has arrived 20:08 with a homemade pie!

## New Members {#new_members}

`   No new members this month.`

## Old Business {#old_business}

-   Bylaws amendment proposal (unless it was already voted on?): Change
    the threshold for future bylaws amendments from "more than three
    quarters (3/4ths) of voting members," to "more than three quarters
    (3/4ths) of member votes cast 90 days from the proposal approval
    date," and from "Notice of such petition must be submitted
    electronically to all members," to "Notice of such a petition must
    be submitted to all members electronically and, where electronic
    means produce no response, all other available means." (Explanation:
    We are dangerously close to having 1/4th of members not respond
    aye/nay and making amendments impossible) - Enrique

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   We still need to address lingering security concerns after last
    month's burglary.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Rockville Science fair is April 23rd and HacDC could have an
    exhibit. Space is free if we want a table.

Ken has something RE: Fiscal Sponsorship.

`   Would like us to have membership vote on delegating BOD to evaluate and approve on a case-by-case basis any opportunities for funding in this way. Tabled for next month.`

## New Business {#new_business}

`   [20:08] ``<fugitive_at_larg>`{=html}` Coming up: Scientist's March on Washington, vs. Conservation X? Or some such? (Smithsonian Institute, right?)`\
`   [20:08] ``<juri_>`{=html}` yepyep.`\
`   [20:08] ``<juri_>`{=html}` we need to get a media package out to Conservation X.`\
`   [20:09] ``<juri_>`{=html}` they want logos and such to place on promotional materials.`\
`   [20:30] ``<juri_>`{=html}` i just recieved another "give us logos for materials!" from conservationX.`

`   [20:47] ``<fugitive_at_larg>`{=html}` Ken switching to digital badges`\
`   [20:48] ``<fugitive_at_larg>`{=html}` `[`https://openbadges.org/`](https://openbadges.org/)\
`   [20:48] ``<fugitive_at_larg>`{=html}` Contest in DC, due next week, so we won't be elegable. But it is a city-wide database for educational activities.`\
`   [20:49] ``<fugitive_at_larg>`{=html}` We could award badges to attendees of educational events -- i.e. a 3D printing digital badge to attendees of an intro event.`\
`   [20:50] ``<fugitive_at_larg>`{=html}` Ken will write a more detailed messsage to the membership list.`

`   [20:36] ``<fugitive_at_larg>`{=html}` `[`http://earthoptimism.si.edu/innovation-commons/`](http://earthoptimism.si.edu/innovation-commons/)\
`   [20:36] ``<fugitive_at_larg>`{=html}` Conservation X  Innovation Commons link above.`\
`   [20:37] ``<fugitive_at_larg>`{=html}` `[`http://rockvillesciencecenter.org/rockville-science-day/`](http://rockvillesciencecenter.org/rockville-science-day/)\
`   [20:37] ``<fugitive_at_larg>`{=html}` Rockville Science Day`\
`   [20:38] ``<fugitive_at_larg>`{=html}` `[`https://www.marchforscience.com/`](https://www.marchforscience.com/)\
`   [20:38] ``<fugitive_at_larg>`{=html}` Scientists March on Washington`

## [Project Awesome](:Category:Project_Awesome) Reports {#project_awesome_reports}

### Project SUPPLIES {#project_supplies}

Nothing to report.

### Project EXPANSION {#project_expansion}

Nothing to report.

### Project HAMRADIO {#project_hamradio}

Julia left an SDR on the desk.

### Project Electron Microscope (SEM) {#project_electron_microscope_sem}

Vacuum sensor is online now, pinout problem resolved.

### Project Optical Table Robot (OTR) {#project_optical_table_robot_otr}

New belts are ready for the big OTR.

New vacuum nozzle designed, printed attached.

Square vent adapter is in a final draft, ready-to-distribute and use in
production form.

### Project CRISPR {#project_crispr}

No report.

### Project SpaceBlimp {#project_spaceblimp}

No report.

## Member Reports {#member_reports}

## Director Reports {#director_reports}

### President's Report {#presidents_report}

### Vice President's Report {#vice_presidents_report}

I am working on creating various VM appliances for in-house use:

-   Improved web conferencing
-   Sandstorm for various webapps
-   potentially self-hosting things like the Wiki, a Gitlab or
    something, Etherpad, etc.

`   What are people interested in using collectively here?`

We've gotten some neat toys from cleaning out a server room, two of them
are kind of bulky

-   A full-height patch panel
-   A single-poster server rack

### Treasurer's Report {#treasurers_report}

### Secretary's Report {#secretarys_report}

### Director-at-Large Reports {#director_at_large_reports}

#### Kevin

#### Matt

## Adjournment

Adjourned by at 2108 by Kevin

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
