`{{TOCright}}`{=mediawiki}

## Time and Location

:   June 9, 2015
:   Called to order at 7:45pm by Matt.
:   Members present: Don, Dan, Enrique, Rob, Matt, Evan, Mike, Phil
:   Members remote: Hunter, Julia, nell
:   Others present: Luke, Bobby, Sumpter
:   [Quorum](Quorum)

    :   Quorum met? 11. Yes

## Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes

[Regular Member Meeting 2015 05
12](Regular_Member_Meeting_2015_05_12)

## Recognition

## Director Reports

### President's Report

Was rent paid this month? What is the status of Paypal access?

### Treasurer's Report

Treasurer's report was relayed by Matt as Julia is ill at home. We have
access to our Dwolla account and rent is getting paid. Getting access to
our PayPal account given our lack of account credentials requires
control of the checking account first. Don inquired about getting that
account transferred and we should have everything we need to take
control of the account once Julia feels well enough to stop by the bank,
which will hopefully be soon.

### Secretary's Report

As soon as we're done sorting out the financial account access, we need
to look into our insurance policies, see if they're current and meet the
requirements in our lease, and get new policies if needed. The domain
registration for hacKdc.org is expiring next week. We need to renew it,
since we spent time and energy getting it back last year. Our basement
storage policy takes effect today. Nobody but Julia and myself have
requested space and the board hasn't fully voted on those requests. We
should reactivate the SpaceBlimp project.

### Director-at-Large Reports

#### Don

#### Phil

## [Project Awesome](:Category:Project_Awesome) Reports

### Project LASER

### Project BYZANTIUM

### Project KITBUILD

### Project SUPPLIES

Project Supplies status is pending resolution of our financials.

### Project EXPANSION

Project Expansion is pending resolution of our financials.

### Project HAMRADIO

Getting ready for FCC exams over the weekend and Amateur Radio Field Day
coming up.

## Member Reports

Evan wants \[and generally gets\] assurance that a bin labeled
"Microcontroller Mondays," would not be scavenged for parts or moved to
the basement if he kept it in either the workshop or classroom.

## Old Business

## New Business

Basement storage space requests (approved by BOD votes as per new
storage policy)

-   1\. Enrique (2x2x2 ft, back room): 4 votes in favor, 2 abstentions,
    approved.
-   2\. Julia (12x1x1 ft, front room): 5 votes in favor, 1 abstentions,
    approved.
-   3\. Dan B.(12x1x11 ft, front room, top shelf): 4 votes in favor, 2
    not present (Celeste, Julia), approved.

General agreement that unallocated space in the basement remains
unallocated as before until it's requested by a member, at which time it
will be cleared and items moved to other unallocated space or to the
Outgoing Pile when it's open.

## New Members

Sumter and Luke were nominated and approved as members.

## Adjournment

Adjourned by Matt at 9:00pm.

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
