**Note:** This page serves as the 2010-03-09 Member Meeting's agenda
(before the meeting) and minutes (after the meeting).

## Time and Location

March 9, 2010 Meeting called to order at 7:38 by That Elliot Guy

Members Present: 13

Others:

[Quorum](Quorum)

## Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes

[Regular Member Meeting 2010 01
12](Regular_Member_Meeting_2010_01_12)

## Minister Reports

### President's Report

-   Church Lease / Basement Issues
-   [Annual Meeting](Bylaws#Section_2:_Annual_Meetings) date

### Treasurer's Report

### Vice President's Report

-   [TheNextHOPE](TheNextHOPE) planning
-   Whatever happened to the [Great Internet Migratory Box of
    Electronics Junk](http://tgimboej.org/Box_Code:_Hackerspace_Harvest)
    we started?
-   [Hackerspaces
    Call-In](http://hackerspaces.org/w/index.php?title=Call-in/2010-03-07)
-   Next Tuesday: [discussion of `<cite>`{=html}Makers`</cite>`{=html}
    at The Gentle Hackers' Literary
    Salon](http://www.hacdc.org/content/gentle-hackers-literary-salon-makers-0)
-   What are we doing for [Robotfest](http://robotfest.com/) /
    [Mid-Atlantic Mini Maker
    Faire](http://baltimorenode.org/2010/01/mid-atlantic-mini-maker-faire-robot-fest-2k10/)
    on Saturday, 24 April?
-   Hackerspaces Near Space entry

### Secretary's Report

## Member Reports

Daniel P.

-   [Digital Capital Week](http://www.digitalcapitalweek.org/) June
    11-20

Nikolas

-   Kit builds

Alberto

-   Dupont Circle Underground update

## Old Business

0x0501c3

-   is there something to vote on? - [Katie](User:Katie)
    20:10, 2 February 2010 (UTC)

[Standing with DC
Gov](http://mblr.dc.gov/corp/lookup/status.asp?id=53073) (Revoked as of
--[NikolasCo](User:NikolasCo) 00:22, 10 March 2010 (UTC))

## New Business

Get a new phone for the space (http://olehphone.com/ was the previous
provider courtesy of serge).

Prospective new members: [Alden Hart](User:Alden), Ketan
Kadiwala

Proposal: approve \$500 of potential expenditures for HacDC's
[Hackerspaces in Space](http://workshop88.com/space/) entry.

Proposal: Replace lock. (one we currently have is working better now?)

## Adjournment

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
