**Note:** This page serves as the 2010-09-14 Member Meeting's agenda
(before the meeting) and minutes (after the meeting).

## Time and Location

September 14, 2010 Meeting called to order at 7:37:09 by President
Packer.

Members Present: Daniel P, Katie B, Redbeard, Todd F, Tim B, Darius R,
Will , Arc R, Andy W, Sean, Dan, Allen, Brad, Allen, Richard B, Phil S,
Chris, Eric M,

Others Present: Tim C

[Quorum](Quorum) met? Yes.

## Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes

[Regular Member Meeting 2010 08
10](Regular_Member_Meeting_2010_08_10)

## Director Reports

### President's Report

Moved to NYC. Will be doing ongoing support for IT stuff, but will pass
on the knowledge of HacDC systems to the server admin team. Lightning
talks had a volunteer to continue them. Would like to see that continue
with HacDC in the future. Membership should continue to be a focus for
HacDC. That seems to be happening.

### Treasurer's Report

HacDC Transaction Detail by Account August 2010

BBT Checking

08/02/2010 Journal Entry 18 painting supplies -SPLIT- -58.17 -58.17

08/03/2010 Journal Entry 19 pos -SPLIT- -7.95 -66.12

08/06/2010 Journal Entry 20 tipjar -SPLIT- 183.00 116.88

08/12/2010 Transfer Paypal 2,000.00 2,116.88

08/16/2010 Check 1093 St. Stephen and the Incarnation Episcopal Church
rent and inet Rent or Lease -2,020.00 96.88

08/17/2010 Check 1095 Tim Slagle parts supply Supplies -500.00 -403.12

08/17/2010 Journal Entry 21 pos -SPLIT- -100.38 -503.50

08/17/2010 Journal Entry 22 insurance -SPLIT- -7.53 -511.03

08/24/2010 Check 1096 Arc Riley pizza for painting Meals and
Entertainment -43.01 -554.04

08/27/2010 Journal Entry 23 quickbooks -SPLIT- -10.55 -564.59

Total for BBT Checking \$ -564.59

Paypal

Total for Paypal \$ -443.18

Membership Dues

Total for Membership Dues \$1,544.00

Non Profit Income

Total for Non Profit Income \$12.68

Insurance

08/17/2010 Journal Entry 22 -SPLIT- 7.53 7.53

Total for Insurance \$7.53

Meals and Entertainment

08/06/2010 Journal Entry 20 -SPLIT- -183.00 -183.00

08/24/2010 Check 1096 Arc Riley BBT Checking 43.01 -139.99

Total for Meals and Entertainment \$ -139.99

Office Expenses

08/02/2010 Journal Entry 18 -SPLIT- 58.17 58.17

08/03/2010 Journal Entry 19 -SPLIT- 7.95 66.12

08/17/2010 Journal Entry 21 -SPLIT- 100.38 166.50

08/27/2010 Journal Entry 23 -SPLIT- 10.55 177.05

Total for Office Expenses \$177.05

Rent or Lease

08/16/2010 Check 1093 St. Stephen and the Incarnation Episcopal Church
BBT Checking 2,020.00 2,020.00

Total for Rent or Lease \$2,020.00

Supplies

08/17/2010 Check 1095 Tim Slagle BBT Checking 500.00 500.00

Total for Supplies \$500.00

Interest Earned

08/14/2010 Journal Entry 24 -SPLIT- 0.14 0.14

Total for Interest Earned \$0.14

HacDC Balance Sheet As of August 31, 2010

ASSETS

Current Assets

Bank Accounts

BBT Checking 5,178.41

Total Bank Accounts \$5,178.41

Other Current Assets

Paypal 1,393.16

Undeposited Funds 0.00

Total Other Current Assets \$1,393.16

Total Current Assets \$6,571.57

Other Assets

Rent Security Deposits 850.00

Total Other Assets \$850.00

TOTAL ASSETS \$7,421.57

The POS still exists. The solution at this time is to cancel the bank
account and open a new account. Ben Stanfield asked if this could happen
before 9/17 so we don't face yet another \$100 charge. The treasurer
agreed to this.

The treasurer is going to work on charts for the next meeting to get a
sense of revenue and expenditures.

### Vice President's Report

Have a genius idea for a class next month.

### Secretary's Report

Katie is involved in the membership spreadsheet. Going through the new
member minutes to update the membership rosters.

There are bedbugs in the space. Please be vigilant about taking stuff
home and bringing things into the space. If you see one, press a piece
of tape on it, and then throw it away.

### Director-at-Large Reports

### Katie

Eat some cupcakes. They're vegan. Apologies for Facebook sending extra
meeting invites. We have a movie night past Saturday that was sparsely
attended, but popular with the atendees. Spaceblimp talk is coming up,
and the week after that will be a robotic ocean sampler talk. An article
about us was published in the Hoya, the Georgetown newspaper late last
week. Maker Faire is coming up.

### Will

Would like to see more project content on the website. Have been doing
some resilient community work. Needs the PDF's of the flyers that were
developed.

## Member Reports

### 

Syllabus for the distilling class I'm working on is coming along. Should
be ready soon.

### Jamie

Looking into tiered memberships.

### Tom C. {#tom_c.}

Lathe class is coming soon. Hope to have it done shortly.

### Dan B. {#dan_b.}

Went to the Southeast laser enthusiast's meeting. There was a group buy
of blue diodes. Met Steve Roberts who wrote the LASER FAQ. Some new
LASER related museum pieces. Went to a fantasy convention with low
thermosomethingorother plastics to mold.

We have been working on lab power supplies in the space with extremely
precise voltage and current.

### Arc R

The church now has a new security system. One of our boxes is now the
security system with recording capacity. As of yesterday, we have four
out of five planned occupancy sensors in place. Came up with some new
templates for scale calibration.

### Red Beard

Two events in the past week with over 100 new people in the space:
Cooking with Geeks book talk, and Skylar's lock-picking class. He
donated an entire lock set to HacDC to encourage the formation of a lock
club.

### Tim C

Martin, Tim and others went to a machinists group with people who really
know metal working and like to train. There was interest about helping
us get setup with a CNC for approximately \$2K that we might be able to
finance with public donations, not current funds.

### 

Open lock nights. Fridays or Saturdays.

## Old Business

## New Business

### Election of New President

Tim Ball nominated Red Beard. Todd F seconded. Accepted.

Red Beard nominated Elliot, William seconded. Accepted via video.

Arc nominated Bradley, Allen seconded. Accepted.

There were short statements, a question period, and the vote.

The vote was clear in the first counting, and RedBeard is the new HacDC
president.

### Proposal for Brochure Printing

Ben Stanfield has suggested a budget of \$300 to produce several hundred
HacDC Brochures for publicity purposes.

Motion failed.

### New Members

Toast, Richard, and Richard, Tim C, Ederlyn

## Adjournment

Adjourned at 9:25.

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
