`{{TOCright}}`{=mediawiki}

## Time and Location {#time_and_location}

:   Date
:   Called to order at xxxx pm by xxxx
:   Members present:
:   Members remote:
:   Others present:
:   [Quorum](Quorum)

    :   Quorum met?

## Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes {#approval_of_previous_meetings_minutes}

## Recognition

## New Members {#new_members}

## Old Business {#old_business}

## New Business {#new_business}

-   Proposal for curtains on the classroom shelves. I propose we
    allocate up to \$150 from reserve funds to purchase curtains and
    curtain rods to cover the classroom shelves during classes where the
    stuff on the selves is more of a distracting clutter than relevant.
    -Enrique

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Proposal for classroom laptop maintenance/update. I propose we
    allocate up to \$200 from reserve funds for the purpose of
    refurbishing 3-6 classroom laptops with new hard drives (missing) or
    SSDs, WiFi dongles as needed, etc, so we can reliably lend them out
    to students during classes. -Enrique

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Proposal for Project CRISPR. I propose Project CRISPR, with myself
    as POC for now, so we can learn how to do some gene editing and host
    some classes (maybe after we figure out what the heck we're doing).
    I'm soliciting donations for the purchase of a \$150 DIY CRISPR
    educational kit. -Enrique & Nancy

## Director Reports {#director_reports}

### President's Report {#presidents_report}

### Vice President's Report {#vice_presidents_report}

IT systems are good. Firewall has been more stable since installed in
rack so have not replaced yet. Phone system revamp by ITechGeek and
calling the space is working again. Helped HAM group get on
[WIRES-X](https://www.yaesu.com/jp/en/wires-x/index.php) this past
Saturday. Remote reboot project still waiting on final parts and two SIM
cards.

Worked on transferring Windows 10 image from existing 1TB spinning hard
drive to new SSD in new classroom computer generously on long term loan
by member Ethan M. Left room for Debian install as well. BigBlueButton
1.0 was released so web conferencing server is out of commission until
that is installed and functional. ETA is before next Tuesday.

Speaking of next Tuesday, I have established a [new Spaceblimp
Meetup](http://www.meetup.com/hac-dc/events/231856976/) on Tuesdays
excluding each week of the monthly members meeting. The first kickoff
meeting will be next Tuesday 6/21 hosted at HacDC and available via web
conferencing accessible from the HacDC website.

Announcing a get rid of outdated computer junk initiative. We have
accumulated lots of outdated workstations, servers, and printers that
are arguably not worth the power they draw. Any computer hardware (not
parts) being stored in the classroom or basement will be disposed of in
3 weeks. If you have a legitimate reason to keep anything in whole or in
part, please send an email to vicepresident at hacdc dot org to stake
your claim. You may then become responsible for said equipment and
should put it to good use in a timely manner. Simply stating what would
be useful or needed is not sufficient. If salvaging parts or components
from hardware is worthwhile, you will be responsible for taking action
on this before the 3 weeks is up or a separately negotiated grace
period. Rare equipment/parts/components or equipment actively being used
in classes may qualify for special consideration with sufficient
justification.

### Treasurer's Report {#treasurers_report}

In May we added pest control as a regular \$150/month expense, so our
monthly expenses are now \$1,250. Our income was \$1,691, so it's a
decent month for a Project Awesome dividend. A little of that extra
money is due to some members being charged in early and late May to make
up for not being billed in April. The income for June should be somewhat
less than May. Please update your PA preferences among Expansion,
Supplies, Ham Radio, SEM and OTR. Note that OTR is very well-funded.
Project expenditures were \$471, including a new microwave oven, bug
spray, an antenna, mounting brackets and some Raspberry Pi parts and
accessories so Ethan can do remote IT admin. Ethan is also looking into
how to automate some of the Treasurer's duties like monthly billing and
sending out payment-overdue notices. I haven't heard from the CFC in
regards to our appeal and tax forms for 2016 so I've just asked and hope
to hear back shortly.

### Secretary's Report {#secretarys_report}

I will be adding a note to next month's meeting under New Business to
approve all standing rules as currently written.

Please peruse the current standing rules and provide any corrections,
objections, suggestions, point out anything that particularly outrages,
etc, within the next two weeks. We can vote on anything that needs to be
changed at this time as well. Rules for Quorum, for instance, should be
clarified.

The outgoing pile is open again. I will close it in time for next
month's meeting. Please note that there is a watery hazard above the
shelves which constitute the physical location of the outgoing pile, and
everything placed there is subject to damage.

### Director-at-Large Reports {#director_at_large_reports}

#### Mike

#### Matt

Two new servers have been commissioned and seem to be stable, Nebula and
Starlight. Both are high-reliability, Starlight is also high-capacity
and extremely high-performance. Please request accounts.

Collaborative work on OpticalTableRobot related CNC machinery is going
well. More about that later.

## [Project Awesome](:Category:Project_Awesome) Reports {#project_awesome_reports}

### Project SUPPLIES {#project_supplies}

IT resources for Ethan's RasPi and classroom machine projects.

### Project EXPANSION {#project_expansion}

Pin strip headers for Ethan Waldo's RasPi project.

### Project HAMRADIO {#project_hamradio}

### Project Electron Microscope (SEM) {#project_electron_microscope_sem}

Still waiting on sufficient cash distribution to purchase independent
vacuum gauge to ensure sufficient vacuum is being achieved. This will
also remain useful once the electronics are modernized.

### Project Optical Table Robot (OTR) {#project_optical_table_robot_otr}

## Member Reports {#member_reports}

## Adjournment

Adjourned by at xxx by xxx

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
