`{{TOCright}}`{=mediawiki}

## Time and Location

:   October 11, 2016
:   Called to order at 8:17 pm by Julia Longtin
:   Members present: mike chelen, julia longtin, xavier belanger, ken
    worthy, bobby baum, enrique cobas, tom iddings, ethan waldo
:   Members remote:
:   Others present: zac huberty, ankeet presswalla
:   [Quorum](Quorum)

    :   Quorum met? yes.

## Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes

<http://wiki.hacdc.org/index.php/Regular_Member_Meeting_2016_08_09>
(Vote: renewal of HSTS MOU)

*Approved*

<http://wiki.hacdc.org/index.php/Regular_Member_Meeting_2016_09_13>

(No Votes)

*Not Approved*

## Recognition

## New Members

*Zach and Ankeet were both elected to membership*

## Old Business

## New Business

-   Julia would like reimbursement of \$19.01 from reserves for two 32GB
    USB Flash drives; receipt already provided.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Previous bylaws amendment is pending since about April; it allows
    the Board to suspend a member's access to the space until the next
    meeting. Please review if you haven't seen the proposal.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Proposal: Create a second HacDC bank account for use by the HacDC
    Amateur Radio Club treasurer if he or she is a HacDC member. HacDC
    would retain ownership and visibility of the account, but the HARC
    treasurer could check the balance and be an authorized user on the
    check card for donation deposits and purchases.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Bylaws amendment proposal: Change the threshold for future bylaws
    amendments from "*more than three quarters (3/4ths) of voting
    members,*" to "*more than three quarters (3/4ths) of member votes
    cast 90 days from the proposal approval date,*" and from "*Notice of
    such petition must be submitted electronically to all members*," to
    "*Notice of such a petition must be submitted to all members
    electronically and, where electronic means produce no response, all
    other available means.*" (Note that this was proposed by Ben in
    2009....
    <http://wiki.hacdc.org/index.php/Proposed_Bylaw_Changes_2009> )

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   HARC has been unable to demonstrate competence in developing a plan
    for how they will manage their own domain asset w3hac.org. This has
    continued for 2 years since it was initially registered by our
    current Vice President on HARC's behalf. Since HARC is part of
    HacDC, it makes more sense for HacDC to handle their domain asset at
    this time. We need to transfer their domain to a HacDC administered
    account managed by the admin team and set it up for auto-pay on the
    HacDC credit card.

## [Project Awesome](:Category:Project_Awesome) Reports

### Project SUPPLIES

Nothing to report, though, as always, some expenditures by members may
be eligible for reimbursement.

### Project EXPANSION

Nothing to report.

### Project HAMRADIO

### Project Electron Microscope (SEM)

The vacuum gauge has been ordered and might be here by the next members
meeting.

### Project Optical Table Robot (OTR)

### Project CRISPR

### Project SpaceBlimp

We are launching this weekend and invite any and all to come out to
Strasberg for the event at 10am on Saturday. We will take a haitus for a
couple of months before we resume talking about the next Spaceblimp
launch for the early spring;.

## Member Reports

## Director Reports

### President's Report

### Vice President's Report

Nothing to report, no current commitments attended to. That may change
soon, we'll see.

### Treasurer's Report

Please update your PA preferences; we have a roughly \$600 surplus this
month to split up thanks to Accelebrate. Otherwise we're up \$200/mo
over rent, which is not terrible. General Reserves have slowly increased
to \$7k and another about \$5k is earmarked to projects.

### Secretary's Report

### Director-at-Large Reports

-   Starlight and Nebula are fully operational. Please request accounts.
-   A lot of technology is getting developed, especially towards the
    Optical Table Robot.

#### Mike

#### Matt

## Adjournment

Adjourned by *Julia* at 2143

\[20:17\] `<secretary_>`{=html} order at 817pm

\[20:17\] == summakor
\[\~quassel@96-88-198-77-static.hfc.comcastbusiness.net\] has joined
#HacDC

\[20:18\] `<summakor>`{=html} hello

\[20:18\] `<ITechGeek>`{=html} Yeah, but since I'm not needed, I'm going
to go eat

\[20:18\] == zhuberty \[6058c64d@gateway/web/freenode/ip.96.88.198.77\]
has joined #HacDC

\[20:18\] `<summakor>`{=html} u r not needed?

\[20:18\] `<secretary_>`{=html} members present mchelen2, juri,
secretary, treasurer, ITG, xavier, ken

\[20:18\] `<secretary_>`{=html} bobby baum

\[20:20\] == fiyarburst \[\~fiyarburs@192.241.179.138\] has joined
#HacDC

\[20:21\] `<fiyarburst>`{=html} ¯\\\_(ツ)\_/¯

\[20:26\] == nskelsey
\[sid116089@gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-hoywjulnogbdbmwp\] has quit
\[Ping timeout: 240 seconds\]

\[20:27\] == nskelsey
\[sid116089@gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vklxdhwswhhtcisb\] has joined
#HacDC

\[20:28\] == fiyarburst has changed nick to pastels

\[20:35\] `<secretary_>`{=html} ankeet is approved as a member by vote
of 6-0

\[20:40\] `<pastels>`{=html} \^ yay! it me

\[20:41\] == MarkovChainz
\[\~MarkovCha@pool-72-83-63-222.washdc.east.verizon.net\] has quit
\[Quit: fail\]

\[20:42\] `<secretary_>`{=html} zach membership approved 6-0

\[20:43\] `<secretary_>`{=html} old business ??

\[20:43\] `<secretary_>`{=html} we did approve August's minutes already

\[20:43\] `<secretary_>`{=html} new business .... ?

\[20:44\] == MarkovChainz
\[\~MarkovCha@pool-72-83-63-222.washdc.east.verizon.net\] has joined
#HacDC

\[20:48\] == zhuberty \[6058c64d@gateway/web/freenode/ip.96.88.198.77\]
has quit \[Ping timeout: 260 seconds\]

\[21:03\] `<secretary_>`{=html} no votes on new business

\[21:04\] `<secretary_>`{=html} project reports

\[21:05\] `<secretary_>`{=html} SEM ordered a vacuum gauge

\[21:05\] `<mirage335>`{=html} summakor: I'm here.

\[21:05\] `<secretary_>`{=html} hi

\[21:05\] `<mirage335>`{=html} Wow. It's 21:05, and the meeting is just
getting to project reports?

\[21:05\] `<secretary_>`{=html} started at 817pm

\[21:06\] `<mirage335>`{=html} Indeed. That's a bit late. For the sake
of newcomers, I suggest we might want to keep the meeting from
stretching too far past 21:30.

\[21:10\] `<mchelen2>`{=html} yeah we started late waiting for quorum

\[21:10\] `<secretary_>`{=html} we did push the new members section to
the beginning of the meeting

\[21:11\] `<secretary_>`{=html} Project OTR has comissioned a new server
with 32GB ram and a 6 core processor, soon to be upgraded to 64 and 12,
named jobs, for long processor time type jobs

\[21:12\] `<secretary_>`{=html} enrique gave the spaceblimp report

\[21:13\] `<secretary_>`{=html} member reports ...?

\[21:13\] `<secretary_>`{=html} Xavier went on vacation

\[21:13\] `<secretary_>`{=html} Bobby got some wood for shelves above
electronics work area

\[21:14\] `<secretary_>`{=html} Ken is working with a school in SE

\[21:22\] `<secretary_>`{=html} nom nom nom

\[21:23\] `<mirage335>`{=html} Yes, NOM NOM NOM! ;)

\[21:26\] == rschulman\_
\[6c1f326f@gateway/web/freenode/ip.108.31.50.111\] has joined #HacDC

\[21:26\] `<secretary_>`{=html} VP's report is on the wiki

\[21:26\] `<secretary_>`{=html} Treasurer is saying something

\[21:31\] `<mchelen2>`{=html} good implicitcad:
<http://kalli1.faikvm.com/ImplicitCAD/Stable>

\[21:37\] == gry \[\~svetlana@fsf/member/svetlana\] has joined #HacDC

\[21:37\] == gry \[\~svetlana@fsf/member/svetlana\] has left #HacDC \[\]

\[21:37\] `<secretary_>`{=html} sec says: commissioned a T410 and we're
working on the vent adapter and blah blah

\[21:38\] `<secretary_>`{=html} D-A-L reports

\[21:40\] `<summakor>`{=html} about to adjourn

\[21:43\] == summakor
\[\~quassel@96-88-198-77-static.hfc.comcastbusiness.net\] has quit
\[Remote host closed the connection\]

\[21:44\] `<rschulman_>`{=html} is haxwaxe still around these days?

\[21:44\] `<mchelen2>`{=html} haven't seen him in awhile

\[21:45\] `<rschulman_>`{=html} ah, too bad.

\[21:45\] `<rschulman_>`{=html} he and I were working on mesh networking
a couple years ago, but I moved away

\[21:45\] `<rschulman_>`{=html} Moved back recently.

\[21:47\] `<secretary_>`{=html} I think we've adjourned

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
