Added to Agenda:

-   Personal Member Storage Member
-   Toorcon
-   [Cash register](Cash_register)

Called to order @ 7:33

People should be bopped, often.

## Minister Reports

[Andrew](User:Q): Training: Eliot, and him september
microcontroller meeting, AVR - setup 2 mailing list, [microcontroller
mondays](http://hacdc.org/mailman/listinfo/micromondays_hacdc.org), and
[another for Smart
Clothing](http://hacdc.org/mailman/listinfo/smartclothing_hacdc.org).

Richard: Please submit items by Saturday at 11:59pm, to info@hacdc.org.

Alli: Could use people to give constructive insight on website. If so,
please email info@hacdc.org. If anyone is interested in doing wiki
stuff, email Alli - cleaning it up, reorganizing.

[Nick](User:Nickfarr): Grand opening week, HOPE, [cash
register](cash_register) added to agenda.

If you spent money on behalf of HacDC, please send Nick receipts by next
week, as soon as possible.

Register says we made \$1700. How ridiculously proud he is of everyone
who was there. Been working with people in the hacker scene for over a
decade, never seen before.

Introduction from Richard Aden - wants to build a giant robot & learn
more.

Richard Bewley:

Working on administrative things, coordination, food.

## Member Reports

-   Asked about training, would be nice to have a wiki page for
    training.

[Andrew](User:Q) - could be nice to post what people are
capable of teaching... under inventory, someone is dropping off video
camera gear to tape stuff. Still needs to upload, needs

[Ben](User:Ben) - Building a light box for photography,
diffused light source.

Derek - HOPE was really cool. He got a telephone, a payphone in exchange
for butt sets. Derek would like to leave the sticker on the side of it.

[Katie](User:Katie) - [NYCResistor
talk](http://www.thelasthope.org/media/audio/64kbps/A_Collaborative_Approach_to_Hardware_Hacking_NYCResistor.mp3)
was inspiring. Members talking about how cool their hacker space. She
brought conductive thread.

[Ben](User:Ben) - One of co-workers gave him a DVD player, a
printer that sometimes works, and a fax machine.

Derek - Has LCD monitors, invited lots of people to come visit us.

[Nick](User:Nickfarr)'s Agenda Items----

-   Every HacDC member has posting access to [the
    blog](http://hacdc.org/). People should blog, so it looks like they
    are doing stuff. They just pull everything off their blog.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   [cash register](cash_register): We should leave it in the
    space, and we have our own personal [Components
    Store](Components_Store), along the same lines as
    purchased drinks. Keep all cash in [cash
    register](cash_register). Machine itself is only used for
    tracking money. This also trains people how to use the [cash
    register](cash_register), so that when we go to a
    [conference](Conferences), they already know how.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Grand Opening Ceremonies:
    -   Performance happening tomorrow @ 8:30. Will be well attended,
        and it will be weird. Will be really weird.
    -   Thursday night, Gareth and Alberto from [DorkBot
        DC](http://www.dorkbot.org/dorkbotdc) will be talking about
        building the tech community.
    -   Friday night, nothing scheduled except drinking at Brickskeller
        @ 9. Ben is coordinating.
    -   Saturday, officially scheduled visit to Grace Hopper's grave @
        noon.
    -   Sunday, big dinner and acknowledge people, such as Yhenn. Pot
        Luck dinner.

## Personal Member Storage Area

2 alcoves outside, ask [Nate](User:Myself) if there's some
way to make that a personal member storage area.

## Toorcon

Last weekend in September in San Diego. Not yet issued a CFP (Call for
papers), however Nick believes that we could make a lot of money and
have fun at Toorcon. Organize in the next 2 weeks, if we want to do it.
Should HacDC sponsor members to visit Toorcon.

## HOPE

Get writeups into members list and on blog.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

8:13 - adjourned

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
