**Note:** This page serves as the 2011-11-08 Member Meeting's agenda
(before the meeting) and minutes (after the meeting).

## Time and Location

November 8, 2011

Meeting called to order at 19:55 by: Redbeard

Members Present: Martin, Phil, Todd, Toast, Tim S., Adam, Brad, Dan
Barlow, Daniel Watson, Maxwell, Jamie, Emily, Alex, Redbeard

Others Present: Mike, Nadir

[Quorum](Quorum) met? yes

## Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes

[Regular Member Meeting 2011 10
11](Regular_Member_Meeting_2011_10_11)

## Director Reports

### President's Report

End of the year, so that means we need to beg for money. Do it.

### Vice President's Report

One big thing: Before Elliot left, we were in communications with Viz
arts in Rockville (trying to make a makerspace for young ladies, 5th
grade-ish). Viz arts have subsequently followed up and Brad will be
teach classes there on the condition of co-branding and a cut of some
grant money. He wants to show up to a Microcontroller Monday and record
a Kickstarter video as a plea for money (Arduinos, gear, etc). Members
interested in participating would be appreciated. Brad will be doing
drop in Arduino sessions to teach about basic electronics and getting
started. Will be 10 wk class to teach processing and hardware
interaction. Current lab is 8 Mac Pros and some Macbook pros. They are
set as far as a standardized lab, but are lacking in traditional "maker"
gear (o-scopes, soldering irons, etc).

### Treasurer's Report (Tim Slagle)

Here is the October 2011 financial summary:
<file:HacDC_Financials_Oct_2011.pdf>

October was good to HacDC, we finished ahead more than \$500 due to
increased membership revenue, additional member donations, and a
generous one-time donation from Stephen Beuttel (thanks!) We added three
membership subscriptions in October: Maxwell Whitaker, Mike Chelen (who
didn't yet get voted in as a member), and Nicholas Stoler. Jeremy
Bruestle dropped because he moved out of the area, and we had one
non-paying member.

I'd still like to add more members - 60 would be a good goal. Then our
expenses would be met by member dues, people wouldn't need to keep
contributing extra (unless they wanted to!), and any additional money
that came in through class and event donations could go to funding some
projects.

Our DC corporate status was restored once we recreated the paperwork and
sent them proof of payment.

I called PayPal and got us activated with their non-profit program, so
we are paying 2.2% instead of 2.9% (plus \$0.30 per transaction). This
will save us \~\$20/mo in fees.

Our change of DC Registered Agent paperwork is filled out and can be
submitted once signed by the appropriate directors.

### Secretary's Report

DOA / N/A

### Director-at-Large Reports

#### Toast

Not much to reportâ€¦ Went to Smithsonian and got awesome. Looking to swap
out Mario cabinet in the space for a different cabinet which is being
donated soon. Need help moving the cabinet.

#### Vacant (election today!)

## Member Reports

Jamie - Slacking on migrating the mailing list, will try to finish by
thxgvng. FredHack (Fredricksburg, VA) has some metalworking gear
(described as "big") and will let us use it. Owner of metalworking gear
owns a large tract of land. He has invited us to come play with things
requiring open space. Has extra hackerspace passports and is looking to
unload them.

Brad - Back in the day we used to do lightning talks. Brad will
spearhead them. December or New Year as a timeline. (Phil: Can we find a
previous speakers list that Daniel P. kept?)

Tim S. - Went with Alberto to Fab Lab open house. Space is on North
Capitol near NY Ave Metro. Have space but no/very little gear. Space is
owned by Phyllis' (Executive Director's) husband. Open house runs
through Thursday as a part of DC week (10:30 am - 3:00pm). Were there
for hours but no one else showed up. They have a Prusa Mendel (3d
printer). It's not a part of the Fab Lab cannon. Additionally, they have
some chinese 3d printers.

Dan B. - The 4axis mill that Martin recovered has been set up with a
laptop and were able to mill out a torus. If anyone can produce black &
white photos to turn into pipefields / g-code we're ready for
manufacturing. Dan suspects there is an SVG to G-Code filter. (Martin:
Smithsonian is donating software for the mill, we will need to acquire
dongle.) Mention the type of things you want to make on the blabber
list. Engraving text, making machine front panels, creating 3d objects,
all take different skill sets/coding jams. This is controlled via EMC.

Martin - Access control stuff is in it's death throes. We're almost done
and soon to be paid/credited.

Toast - Quick note on the smithsonian - they have a huge facility out in
landover. They have 3 gymnasiums worth of gear with no one to use it. By
volunteering at the "Office of Exhibit Central", we can possibly gain
access to it. (Phil is interested)

Jamie (2) - 757 Labs has a working Laser cutter

## Old Business

## New Business

Election for Director-At-Large position.

Candidates:

-   Martin - Toast nominates, Dan seconds. (Martin wins unopposed)

Yearly Member meeting

-   Yearly meeting is proposed as Wednesday Feb 15th (Tim S.), Maxwell
    Seconds. Monthly meeting will piggyback on this. Vote carries
    unanimously.

AND SPEAKING OF THE IRS.......

Tim S. was perusing the bylaws and supposedly we need two folks (not on
the board) to audit our books. We should ensure that happens.

## New Members

Mike C. - Works as a web developer and data analyst with a background in
science and sharing of data. Looking to expand sharing of datasets in
similar fashion as open source software. Brad Nominates, Dan B. second.
Vote passes unanimously.

Nadir - Originally from SF area. Been here since 2005. Worked as SE for
Raytheon working on guidance systems and has been working in the field
of financial analysis. Has been here a few times and liked it and kept
coming back. Dan nominates, Brad seconds. Vote passes unanimously.

Alan - Would like to re-instate membership. Redbeard & Toast vouch for
him. Todd nominates, Maxwell seconds. Vote passes unanimously.

## Adjournment

Adjourned at: 20:48

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
