`{{TOCright}}`{=mediawiki}

## Time and Location

:   Date
:   Called to order at 8:17 pm by Julia
:   Members present: Julia, Kevin, Ken, James, Ben B., Tayeb, Enrique,
    Tom (8)
:   Members remote:
:   Others present: Nancy, Bobby, Tristan, David
:   [Quorum](Quorum)

    :   Quorum met? Yes

## Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes

-   August, no quorum:
    <http://wiki.hacdc.org/index.php/Regular_Member_Meeting_2017_08_08>
-   July, no quorum:
    <http://wiki.hacdc.org/index.php/Regular_Member_Meeting_2017_07_11>
-   June, no quorum:
    <http://wiki.hacdc.org/index.php/Regular_Member_Meeting_2017_06_13>
-   May, no quorum:
    <http://wiki.hacdc.org/index.php/Regular_Member_Meeting_2017_05_09>
-   April, quorum achieved:
    <http://wiki.hacdc.org/index.php/Regular_Member_Meeting_2017_04_11>

## Recognition

## New Members

Tristan voted in.

## Old Business

## New Business

-   We need a liability waiver for kids that specifies that parents are
    responsible for supervision. Nancy promised to bring in an example.
-   Ken wants HacDC to discuss being a fiscal sponsor; membership
    authorized the board to enter such an agreement in a past meeting
    this year. No specific proposals have been presented, however.
-   We could rent a storage unit to help clean up the basement. It could
    cost up to \$300/mo depending on size and distance from HacDC (maybe
    \$100 far away). We could then decide what stuff we use frequently
    and what stuff we clearly live without.

## [Project Awesome](:Category:Project_Awesome) Reports

### Project SUPPLIES - Mirage

### Project EXPANSION - Mirage

### Project HAMRADIO - Jeff

### Project Electron Microscope (SEM) - Enrique

I am not working on this; too many other things. Julia et al are working
on providing a digital interface to the new vacuum gauge with an
opto-isolator.

I may have managed to read out a similar ROM chip - should able to have
a crack at dumping the ROMs from the machine - Oni

### Project Optical Table Robot (OTR) -Julia

### Project CRISPR -Enrique

We repeated the protocol carefully with Sophia doing the plating and
protocol and good temperature control during the process. But it didn't
work, again. I suspect our freezer may not be good enough for long-term
storage of the protein and DNA ingredients. I've written the vendor to
ask for help because we've spent over \$500 in both HacDC money and
donated supplies and equipment so far and it hasn't worked once.
Regardless, we're planning to press ahead with a Saturday workshop so
people can learn about CRISPR and get a hands-on feeling for what the
process is like. Nancy and Sophia are working on a video.
crispr@hacdc.org

### Project SpaceBlimp -Enrique

We aborted the launch of Spaceblimp 7 during the solar eclipse. Long
story short we were not ready and driving 8 hours down to the SC border
on a weekday was a high bar for a group of volunteers. We should do
Spaceblimp 7 more locally just as Spaceblimp 6 and take our time testing
things and making an interesting payload. Nancy suggested to have other
maker spaces to collaborate in the next Spaceblimp 7, she will be
helping with the logistics. I now have a cylinder of Helium at home that
we're paying \$0.20/day to rent, so we're actively losing money not
doing anything. But the tracker(s) are still broken or untested, for
example. Contact spaceblimp@hacdc.org for more information.

### Project Media Outreach - Matt

### Project IT Infrastructure - Tom

We got a donation of dumb switches which led to the trouble with the
classroom VLAN and so on as mentioned below.

## Member Reports

-   Enrique. We had a nice lockpicking class Saturday with TOOOL. About
    20 guests came and a half dozen or so got a tour of the classroom. A
    few even got a tour of the basement, unfortunately. TOOOL-DC is
    interested in having a monthly-ish 'advanced' lockpicking class but
    they want it a bit more private than their usual events (eg fewer
    newbs).
-   Enrique. We received the SparkFun parts. A solar panel, USB battery
    pack, solar-battery charger, two other LiPo battery chargers, 2
    motion sensors, 3 temperature sensors, breadboards, and 3 mini-HDMI
    cables( for Pi Zeros). Sparkfun wants photos of using them duing an
    event for their marketing purpose quid-pro-quo.
-   **Kevin**: Also, as a result of the conference -- *see directors
    reports below*, students that I mentor at the Arlington Career
    Center may be part of a team restoring the original KITT from the
    horrible "Knight Rider" television series, for the next Escape
    Velocity. The owner of the Season 1 & 2 car is interested in
    bringing it back to life. The ACC has a an auto repair shop, and two
    years ago, together with computer science students, we had 3D
    printed parts and a touch screen Raspberry Pi capable of rudimentary
    voice recognition ("Hey STACi, turn on the rear defroster.") I don't
    think the Pi made it into STACi before the end of the semester, but
    with MoSF offering to help with stuff, I expect there will be a
    bigger push towards a finished product. I don't know that there will
    be opportunity for HacDC in that project, but if there's interest
    and commitment, I'll see what I can do. This would almost certainly
    be weekday after-school stuff, not weekends.

## Director Reports (Governance related stuff)

### President's Report

### Vice President's Report

-   I've bollocksed up the VLAN for the classroom temporarily. Will fix
    it sooner or later.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   The replacement for the RasPi on the classroom TV is kind of slow, I
    think mostly due to the USB flash drive but maybe also due to the
    processor. Anyway we have a new board and a 3.5" hard drive and I
    spent two hours dremeling out a rectangle in one of our surplus
    cases downstairs last night and soon it will be made better.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   The classroom printserver is broken -- not sure what's going on with
    cups. Probably just a broken config and I'm ready to do a full
    re-install of the packages and see if that works out. Anybody who
    wants to mess around with a remote debian box is welcome to take
    this on.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Will probably rebuild the classroom laptops this month if a bunch of
    other things don't come up.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   I'd like to represent HacDC at an upcoming meeting with Mike and the
    rest of the tenants regarding building security. As tenants we have
    an obvious stake here and then again as the maintainers and builders
    of the security camera system and core IT infrastructure. I will try
    to make sure that we're doing everything we can to serve the church
    well.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Two specific tasks related to HacDC that might be good to undertake
    regarding the above are to improve the security camera coverage
    outside the church and improve physical security around access to
    the core router / church IT closet. This is currently very difficult
    as it's in a shared space and many people may have access to the
    closet as it is used for storage, or tenants go in to troubleshoot
    their IT problems on their own, etc.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   I've started two new meetups in the past month. Repair Cafe and Open
    (imperative verb) Technology Tuesdays. No more Hardware Despair.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Tryna set up some RasPis and microcontrollers and sensors in the
    light fixtures for occupancy sensor, whiteboard webcam, and various
    classroom monitoring applications.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   No progress on the videoconferencing this month.

### Treasurer's Report

-   I'm resigning as Treasurer. Good luck y'all.
-   We broke about even in August. August financial report is linked
    below.

[Media:HacDC_2017-8.pdf](Media:HacDC_2017-8.pdf)

### Secretary's Report

### Director-at-Large Reports

#### Kevin

-   I printed up another 150 flyers and took about 50 to "[Escape
    Velocity II](https://escapevelocity.events/)" the [Museum of Science
    Fiction](http://www.museumofsciencefiction.org/) conference, where I
    shilled for us. Sadly, I did not know we could have had a table for
    free. The [MoCo Makers](http://www.mocomakers.com/) of Rockville did
    know, and the guy shilling for them, Matthew Zamora, thought there
    might be opportunity for collaboration. They're launching a
    Kickstarter for their own [FPGA
    board](http://www.mocomakers.com/fipsy-fpga/). In addition, a gent,
    Oguz Yetkin, from the [Next Gen Systems group of the University of
    Louisville](http://www.ece.louisville.edu/ngs/) offered their
    prototype open source [EMGduino](https://www.emgduino.com/) "at
    cost" to us if we're interested. See the links for details.
-   I will be out of the country for the upcoming second Community
    Network gathering being hosted by THRIVE DC, but Julia has taken
    that on.

#### Matt

## Adjournment

Adjourned by at xxx by xxx

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
