**Note:** This page serves as the 2010-01-12 Member Meeting's agenda
(before the meeting) and minutes (after the meeting).

## Time and Location

January 12, 2010 Meeting called to order at 7:34:30 by el Presidente

Members Present: Tim C, Phil, Ben S, Jamie, Dave, Bryan, Elliot, Dan,
Martin, Jason, Daniel P, Katie

Others:

[Quorum](Quorum) established. We rock.

## Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes

[Regular Member Meeting 2009 12
08](Regular_Member_Meeting_2009_12_08)

Dan B Moved to approve. Tim C seconded. No objections.

## Minister Reports

### President's Report

Will send out a questionnaire that everyone can click on times that are
good for them for the annual meeting.

Rent discussions with the church has been going back and forth. The
church annual meeting was snowed out during the blizzard o' oh nine.
More in new business.

Nik has put on a couple kit builds and workshops. President urges
everyone to do the same.

### Treasurer's Report

See attached.

### Vice President's Report

Suggested a hacker book club. Members expressed interest.

### Secretary's Report

Nothing to report.

## Member Reports

Dan B This Saturday we're going to do a sorting party to put aside
things to sell at a swap meet.

Daniel P

Lightning talks on Feb 11.

Todd F On Thursday there will be a talk on a telephony API for web
applications.

Red Beard

Talked to a company called Schmartboard. They're going to send some
samples and Red Beard is going to teach a class.

Dave E Church wiring project, working with Brian to figure out what the
punch list is to complete the project.

## Old Business

501c3

Philip and Todd have been working on the narrative description.

Not quite in a shape to send it to everyone tonight, but we're within a
couple days to a week.

Motion was made to allow the board to decide when to allow the
submission of the 501c3 app, as long as the board has time to review it
so we don't have to wait for the next meeting.

## New Business

Katie proposes budgeting \$50 for tea and accompanying sweets for Tea
Night, January 19.

Martin proposes a membership, publics relations, publicity, cooperative
event planning,... committee and/or director position.

Approval of new member: [Dan
Ternes](http://wiki.hacdc.org/index.php/User:DanT)

TC proposes renewing Alberto's and Gareth's dues waivers in recognition
of their outstanding contribution to the DC Maker, hackerspace and
dorkbot communities.

## Adjournment

Meeting adjourned at 8:10.

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
