`{{TOCright}}`{=mediawiki}

## Time and Location

:   Date 2024-02-13
:   Called to order at 7:43 pm by Obioma
:   Members present: Callie, Liz
:   Members remote: Gabe, Chris, Matt, Jared, Michelle, Tristan
:   Others present: Sven
:   [Quorum](Quorum)

    :   Quorum met? Yes; 9/19 members.

## [Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes](Regular_Member_Meeting_2024)

Oby, seconded by Gabe.

## Recognition

Liz has the Monoprice operational and is hooking up many more printers
using Clipper

Dave and Charlie came to discuss adding their laser engraver to the
basement this coming monday. Can perhaps share keys to the basement.

## New Members

Sven is looking to become a member. He has been to the space a bunch and
shares nail polish, cookies, and valentine's day chocolates. Going to
bring by some "Hextraction" pieces. No opposition, unanimous acceptance.
Glad you're aboard, Sven!

## Old Business

-   Possible changes or additional open house nights
-   Open Project Night
-   Website rebuild
-   Game night
-   Speaker series
-   3d printing / microcontrollers

` * Possibly asking Oleksii`\
` * Tristan is ready with his "vat of acid" - polypropelene.`

-   Occupancy sensor night

Monday nights are becoming super packed, need to spread the schedule.
Maybe discerning the open house days from the project days can help
people choose days they're engaged in.

Liz: 3d printer nights, people can bring laptops or tablets, and each
week there is a small assignment that can be made in 20-30 mins.
zero-to-print in a single night.

Mondays can keep as open house night. Wednesdays can change from deploy
day to any other group. A primarily-members day could help us make
progress on our goals.

Fridays are preferred for 3d printing. Mondays are open-house.
Wednesdays can keep being 'deploy days', though the direction may
change.

Can we combine FreeCAD & 3d printing nights? Daniel has a cybersec
reading group online.

---

"Working Groups"

-   Rebuild fund

` * Replacing printers and lasers`

-   Public engagement & social media

` * Upgrading Discord and website`\
` * Social media`

-   Rebuild

` * Gabe, Liz, Matthew`

-   Engagement

` * Chris, Oby, Callie`

Rather than doing a duplication of our wordpress domain in-house, going
to make a page-by-page copy in a new application.

Hope to speak to & make a deal with the church management regarding
management of the pfSense router. Going to send an email -\> president@
to discuss.

March's member meeting is our annual one; board member elections are
coming up.

-   Pres
-   Vice
-   Sec
-   Treas

` * Gabe places a bid.`

-   at-large

` * Tristan places a bid.`

-   at-large radio club

Treasurer position: business licenses are in order. Negative cash flow,
positive balance. Nonprofit concerning property & business taxes.
Position is in a good place. Main requirements are monthly slides and
deciding on purchases. 990 Tax forms are due in a couple months, super
simple online submission. DC CorpOnline renewals each year.

## New Business

Treasurer's report:

Minimal changes; same \# paying members, 1 fewer donation. expenses:
hosting, rent, insurance is coming up again. Church had accidentally
paid our insurance a year ago. Need more members! Once again.

Had some check-processing issues and hope to use ACH processing.
\$15/each per month for one year. Motion, and passes to no opposition.
March is going to be the first ACH deposit.

Our lease is up in May. New Pres & Vice-Pres need to renegotiate a
lease.

---

Words, Beats, and Life screen printer: Oby and Callie are going to keep
discussing.

Shopping list of gear for the space:

-   Cleaning supplies: hand soap, dish soap & 409 cleaner
-   Hot glue sticks, sharpies
-   3d printers: BL Touch, control board for the network.
-   One each, VGA & DVI-D.

Send Matt some URLs for the necessary gear. Matt can meet and use the
HacDC bank cards. Oby can pick up household supplies, Matt can help on
microcenter.

## Adjournment

Adjourned by at 8:34 Oby

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
