## Time and Location {#time_and_location}

:   Date July 14, 2009
:   Called to order at 7:33 PM by Coordinator in Chief Elliot W.
:   Members Present: Omer O, Jay K, Serge W, Tommy J, Martin R, Katie B,
    Ben S, Elliot W, Dave E, Nick F
:   Others present: Jonah B., Robert B., Bill A., Zach W
:   [Quorum](Quorum)

    :   Quorum met? Yes

## Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes {#approval_of_previous_meetings_minutes}

There are no minutes from the June meeting.

## Consent Agenda {#consent_agenda}

There were no items in tonight's consent agenda.

## Minister Reports {#minister_reports}

### Coordinator in Chief Report {#coordinator_in_chief_report}

Nothing to report. It's been a great month. Martin has built a great
electronics workbench. Tim Ball is building LED cubes, which is great
but we'd like to see more shared projects.

### Minister of Finance Report {#minister_of_finance_report}

**Section 1: Membership**

27 Paid via paypal 2 Members paid via cash

**Section 2: Income**

Payments received in June \$1486 total via paypal \$100 paid in cash

**Section 3: Expenses**

Rent - \$935 Insurance - \$83.50 POS Rental + American express =
\$106.10

**Section 4: Financial Status**

\$461 surplus

As of 7/14/09 we have \$2027 in our checking account.

We'll need to spend \$800+ on 501c(3) application and an infinite amount
of money on the basement project.

There was a question about the ISP charges. There was also a question
about whether paypal fees should be reported as expenses or not.

Ben moved to approve. Dave seconded.

### Minister of Information Report {#minister_of_information_report}

Nothing specific to report.

### Keeper of the MIBS Report {#keeper_of_the_mibs_report}

Everyone in attendance was awarded 1000 MIBS points for coming to the
meeting. Martin was awarded 1 trillion MIBS points for the electronics
bench.

## Member Reports {#member_reports}

-   **Katie B**

:   We're starting a Migratory Box of Electronics to send around the
    world. We've got a start from Gareth who's included a few things,
    but should add more.
:   We should name the box, and decide where to send it next.
:   Katie is aiming to send it out later this week.

-   **Nick F**

:   Wanted to talk about how to plan fundraisers in the future, since
    the one we had scheduled didn't work out.
:   Do we still have issues with the church? Was the timing just bad?
    What can we do to have a successful fundraiser in the future.
    Clarified that Schmoocon wasn't really a big issue with the church.
    There was a discussion about making sure the church knew about our
    events in the future.
:   Moved to new business.

-   **Serge W**

:   Mapping DC is having it's first even next Thursday.

-   **Dave E**

:   Finished punching out the 1st floor offices. Anyone who is on the
    church network is using our Internet access. Most of the offices are
    still on their own.

## Old Business {#old_business}

None

## New Business {#new_business}

-   Bylaws Amendments

    :   The slate of changes from the informal bylaws change meeting was
        presented.

    -   A motion was made to accept the whole slate as is by Nick Farr
    -   A second was made by Martin R.

Discussion of the proposed slate point by point was made and discussion
of the membership ensued.

An amendment was offered by Ben Stanfield to change the director
termination section to read 1/2 instead of 2/3 in the proposed slate or
3/4 in the original bylaws.

The amendment was accepted by Nick Farr as a friendly amendment.

7 ayes, 1 nay

Serge pointed out that the majority of the

An amendment was offered to change the Voting membership rules to read
may be suspended for non payment of dues as specified in the standing
rules.

The amendment was accepted by Nick F and there were no objections.

The entire slate was approved unanimously.

Dave E motioned to hold the minutes petition until standing rules are
drafted and accepted by the membership.

After discussion about whether that was permissible, since it seemed to
change the bylaws amending process, the motion was withdrawn.

## New Membership {#new_membership}

-   Elliot W nominated Elliot Jay K as a new member. There were no
    objections.
-   Nick F nominated Zach W as a new member. There were no objections.
-   Sege W nominated Bill A as a new member. There were objections.

### Fundraiser conversation {#fundraiser_conversation}

Ben S Moved to adjourn.

Dave E. seconded

There were no objections.

## Adjournment

The meeting adjourned at 8:49 PM.

[Category:Meeting_Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
