`{{TOCright}}`{=mediawiki}

## Time and Location

:   Date: Tue 14 June 2022
:   Called to order at 7:35pm by
:   Members present: Oby Ken Kevin Michelle Tayeb Matt
:   Members remote: all
:   Others present: Elijah Angelman
:   [Quorum](Quorum)

    :   Quorum met? Yes

## Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes

Approved

## Recognition

Tayeb for last meeting as a member -- moving to Chicago

## New Members

## Old Business

-   Ulisses - starting federated biology-combo group of labs; mostly
    graduate students or working professionals; space is hosted by
    Rockville Science Center
-   New Orleans report-back -
    -   Mesh Network - John would be open to partnering HAM Radio club
        on this project; Michelle reaching out to prof at Univ MD
        Baltimore County -- Michelle meeting with Foad next week in
        Baltimore, learning more about their grants for Meth networking;
        As a followup, Kevin says to reach out to Open Technology
        Institute, subdivision of the New American think tank in DC. If
        anyone has experience with mesh networking in the Mid-Atlantic
        region, reach out to Michelle, also look at www.projectwaves.net
        -   DC Broadband Bridge - Kevin heard this used to be in DC --
            Kevin reached out to former Broadband Bridge activists, have
            moved on/burned out, was going well for 5+ years but no
            longer
        -   [Project
            Byzantium](https://wiki.hacdc.org/index.php?title=Category:Byzantium)
-   PAR / Recycle Works (Philadelphia) back in the picture - owner of
    PAR has morphed organization into generic Windows computer training
    services; Michelle feels this is out of scope and region
-   WordPress work needed - Dreamhost needs us to upgrade to 8.1 --
    Dreamhost saying it will happen imminently, Kevin manually upgraded
    but it broke things so he rewound the upgrade and now we need to
    retry, Michelle and Kevin will schedule to try again
-   AI Machine Learning - Oby interested in restarting this; we started
    in 2020 on the first course and Oby ; should be a part of the
    newsletter to gauge interest -- Oby will take leadership and restart
    this

## New Business

-   Bike light event last weekend of July (Tayeb) -- request that
    individuals bring/buy their own supplies, spend next weeks ensuring
    supplies available online
    (https://lab64.stanford.edu/bike-light-pov) -- reach out to DC Bike
    Party and/or other groups and add to Facebook, Twitter, Blabber
    (first step)
-   **Inventory Refinement** - [Spring Cleaning
    2022](Inventory_Refinement_-_Spring_Cleaning_2022) --
    -   "Retain, Redistribute, or Recycle?" survey - Email Google Forms
        to existing members with photos attached
    -   Basement water issues - (1) coming in from outside (2) not
        draining inside, possible super-clog that appears that there
        isn't even a drain (3) water leaking from busted drain pipe
        along wall; top of wall there is opening with a tunnel (the
        tunnel is not part of our storage space, was offered to us at
        one point) -- request help from church maintenance to unclog
        drain, send email
-   Mail in workroom - how can we help get things in order more? who
    should be picking it up? when should they be picking it up? -- .
-   3D Printer Server -- Kevin working to set up 3D printer server after
    it broke, wiping machine, installed PopOS 22.04, now in the process
    of restoring the backed up user directories and putting back in
    printer related software and configuring. Likely one more day of
    effort to set this up -- need new filament and profile for Ultimaker
    2

## [Project Awesome](:Category:Project_Awesome) Reports

### Project SUPPLIES - ???

### Project EXPANSION - ???

### Project HAMRADIO - ???

### Project Electron Microscope (SEM) - ???

### Project Media Outreach - ???

### Project IT Infrastructure - ???

## Member Reports

## Director Reports (Governance related stuff)

### President's Report

### Vice President's Report

### Treasurer's Report

21 paying members currently, donations from Tayeb, Karen, Obioma, and
Tristan. Increase in current balance of \$1027 from last month. Rent
still at \$900/month.

### Secretary's Report

### Director-at-Large Reports

#### ???

#### ???

## Adjournment

Adjourned by at ??? by ???

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
