`{{TOCright}}`{=mediawiki}

## Time and Location {#time_and_location}

:   Date October 12th 2021
:   Called to order at 7:39pm by Tayeb
:   Members present: Kevin, Tayeb\*, Michelle\*, Obi, John\*, Ken,
    Gabe\*, Tristan
:   Members remote: (all)
:   Others present: Bob
:   Board present: (\*)
:   [Quorum](Quorum)

    :   Quorum met? Yes

## Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes {#approval_of_previous_meetings_minutes}

## Recognition

Tristan - for Capture the Flag Ken - for re-introduction to Nation of
Makers in regards to partnerships

## New Members {#new_members}

Sara-Jayne

## Old Business {#old_business}

Workspace. TV -- is now working - has been fixed! Workspace. Laser
Cutter -- we need leads on \<\$2,000 laser cutters (time to broadcast on
Blabber?) Workspace. New Church POC -- former POC, Mike, has left his
position with the church. The replacement is: The Rev. Rondesia
Jarrett-Schell <https://www.saintstephensdc.org/clergyandstaff>
Workspace. Mail -- checks need to be deposited by Matt Annual Membership
Survey. Responses -- as of this evening, we have 36 responses. Will send
one more email before providing summary at next Monthly Members Meeting.
PAR Recycle Works (hardware recycling program in Philadelphia) -- Kevin
talking with Sanjay tomorrow

## New Business {#new_business}

Rocketry. Hobbyist -- Tristan looking for partners in rocketry. Blabber
is decent resource for this. Courses. Free CAD -- Tristan interested in
setting this up for every other Wednesdays. Courses. Microfabrication --
Ethan may (re-join and) offer course around microfabrication every other
Mondays we don't have Project Night. Event. Capture the Flag --
continuing these in some form bi-weekly - we are trying to find a new
time that works for everyone. Also, could use some instructors/leaders -
Tayeb will send out email to prospectives. Possibly works best from home
with own setup. Workspace. Tours, in-person -- Tayeb (or one of existing
members) should reach out to Josh (+1) and Sara to give tours.
Workspace. Covid -- masks required when inside the building shared
space; DC and the church policy set the rules. Membership. Annual
Membership Survey -- Michelle has results / exec summary for November's
MMM.

## [Project Awesome](:Category:Project_Awesome) Reports {#project_awesome_reports}

\- Report and updates

### Project Media Outreach - ??? {#project_media_outreach__}

### Project IT Infrastructure - ??? {#project_it_infrastructure__}

## Member Reports {#member_reports}

## Director Reports (Governance related stuff) {#director_reports_governance_related_stuff}

### President's Report {#presidents_report}

### Vice President's Report {#vice_presidents_report}

### Treasurer's Report {#treasurers_report}

### Secretary's Report {#secretarys_report}

### Director-at-Large Reports {#director_at_large_reports}

#### ???

#### ??? {#section_1}

## Adjournment

Adjourned by at 8:27pm by Tayeb

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
