`{{TOCright}}`{=mediawiki}

## Time and Location {#time_and_location}

:   Date
:   Called to order at xxxx pm by xxxx
:   Members present:
:   Members remote:
:   Others present:
:   [Quorum](Quorum)

    :   Quorum met?

## Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes {#approval_of_previous_meetings_minutes}

## Recognition

Foxlet for organizing the new print server so it has a GUI Tayeb for
service above and beyond the call of duty from Philadelphia Ken for
organizing the PSA community meeting demos

Welcome to new board members John, Dave and James

## New Members {#new_members}

## Old Business {#old_business}

Code of Conduct - draft is located at
<https://wiki.hacdc.org/index.php?title=Code_of_Conduct>

-   what is required to approve it?

## New Business {#new_business}

## [Project Awesome](:Category:Project_Awesome) Reports {#project_awesome_reports}

### Project SUPPLIES - Mirage {#project_supplies___mirage}

### Project EXPANSION - Mirage {#project_expansion___mirage}

### Project HAMRADIO - Jeff {#project_hamradio___jeff}

### Project Electron Microscope (SEM) - Julia {#project_electron_microscope_sem___julia}

### Project Optical Table Robot (OTR) - Julia {#project_optical_table_robot_otr___julia}

### Project CRISPR -Enrique {#project_crispr__enrique}

\- Report and updates

### Project SpaceBlimp -Enrique {#project_spaceblimp__enrique}

\- Report and updates

### Project Media Outreach - Matt {#project_media_outreach___matt}

### Project IT Infrastructure - Tom {#project_it_infrastructure___tom}

## Member Reports {#member_reports}

## Director Reports (Governance related stuff) {#director_reports_governance_related_stuff}

### President's Report {#presidents_report}

Dupont Underground Event, Thursday May 16

-   We need to plan the demos, do outreach to other groups and keep
    track of who will be participating.
-   We need to schedule a walk through with Jihan at Dupont Underground
-   I invited Words Beats & Life to participate but all their supplies
    are in storage while they remodel their space. Flex did say he would
    like to attend. I think he would also be open to promoting it.
-   Nehemiah from Non Stop Art suggested participation from a gentleman
    named Thomas who does music classes. Thomas and I have corresponded
    and he is interested in the idea for doing a soundtrack for the
    silent films.
-   Kevin reached out to Nehemiah, DMC, the Library and others, John
    suggested we should offer table space to other community maker
    organizations which I thought was good, so I also invited Focus on
    the Story (https://focusonthestory.org) to participate.
-   Other avenues for promotion - Meetup.com, Blabber, Facebook, Twitter

Basement

-   The basement clean up went very well and we have now freed up space
    for a pantry for Thrive while also lowering our rent a bit.
-   Mike Ritonia has also been responsive about our concerns with regard
    to water incursions and the lock on the door. Mike has had some work
    done on the drain in front of the basement door to see if that helps
    with the water coming in, and he proposes installing a
    better-quality door to the basement. However, he also is proposing
    to remove the security gate over the basement door - that's an open
    topic for discussion. I told him we would let him know what we think
    after the meeting.
-   Next step is to decide as a group how we want to use our space.
-   \* I suggest turning the basement into a shop for woodworking and
    metalworking. I also suggest consolidating some of the supplies
    upstairs that aren't used so often in dedicated space in the
    basement. Maybe a little beautification? Painting?
    -   I propose that we set a separate meeting for the community to
        discuss, or use the next member meeting for this conversation.

Laser cutter

-   We had a visitor named Ioannis who was intrigued by our laser cutter
    but it's probably too hacked to do much with in the short or even
    medium term.
-   I propose purchasing a small laser cutter (\~\$200) to use for the
    Dupont Underground event, but I also think we need to consider
    buying a larger one (\~\$450) to replace the one Ioannis was looking
    at.
-   We need to develop some expertise in maintaining laser cutters...

Hacking guidelines What can be hacked? What shouldn't be hacked? I would
like the board to come up with some guidelines on this. Kevin can
elaborate. :)

### Vice President's Report {#vice_presidents_report}

### Treasurer's Report {#treasurers_report}

### Secretary's Report {#secretarys_report}

### Director-at-Large Reports {#director_at_large_reports}

#### Kevin

#### Ken

## Adjournment

Adjourned by at xxx by xxx

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
