`{{TOCright}}`{=mediawiki}

## Time and Location {#time_and_location}

:   Date December 13, 2016
:   Called to order at 8:10 pm by Julia
:   Members present: Julia, Ken, Bobby, Enrique
:   Members remote: Kevin
:   Others present: Ben, Andrew
:   [Quorum](Quorum)

    :   Quorum met? No

## Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes {#approval_of_previous_meetings_minutes}

## Recognition

## New Members {#new_members}

Ben and Andrew voted in.

## Old Business {#old_business}

## New Business {#new_business}

-   Project Awesome Dividend (project funds allocations) may need to be
    changed. The current rule says project funds allocations come from
    the month's total surplus ("cash accounting"). That's simple and
    means the allocation will never put HacDC in the red for the month.
    But it means that expenses by one project reduce surplus and
    allocation to all other projects for that month. If we get a \$500
    donation and coincidentally Project X spends \$500 that month, there
    is no surplus left to distribute and the \$500 donation ends up in
    Reserves.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Next meeting is the Annual Meeting and we have elections for board
    of directors. Who's running for what? President, Vice-President(and
    IT support), Secretary, Treasurer, Director At-Large 1, Director
    At-Large 2.

## [Project Awesome](:Category:Project_Awesome) Reports {#project_awesome_reports}

### Project SUPPLIES {#project_supplies}

### Project EXPANSION {#project_expansion}

### Project HAMRADIO {#project_hamradio}

### Project Electron Microscope (SEM) {#project_electron_microscope_sem}

The shipping date for the vacuum gauge has been pushed back to January!
AArgh! We asked for a quote on another gauge and it was twice the cost.

### Project Optical Table Robot (OTR) {#project_optical_table_robot_otr}

Two critical parts for the classroom laser exhaust were designed and 3D
printed this month. They fit well; the exhaust is now complete and we
can assemble and tune the laser electronics and other hardware. We also
need a water cooler solution.

### Project CRISPR {#project_crispr}

We've purchased fresh DNA and RNA to repeat the experiment another 5
times. I'm also in touch with a researcher at George Washington U. who
is willing to come give a short talk about his work with CRISPR. However
the date to put this event together... slips...

### Project SpaceBlimp {#project_spaceblimp}

The SpaceBlimp team had a post-launch meeting to review what went right
and wrong. We still have video to edit.

## Member Reports {#member_reports}

Enrique - No cryptoparty interest, really? Come on. What kind of
hackerspace is this? Let's discuss after the meeting. Julia - The Taz 3D
printer is now working great! The nozzle is finer than the before, the
whole head is basically a new upgrade. It is now better than the Mini.

## Director Reports {#director_reports}

### President's Report {#presidents_report}

### Vice President's Report {#vice_presidents_report}

### Treasurer's Report {#treasurers_report}

-   November was OK, our revenue exceeded normal expenses by about
    \$214. We also spent \$176 on Helium for SpaceBlimp (the invoice was
    paid in November even though the launch was October) so net surplus
    is about \$44. :( Not worth allocating; it's going into Reserves and
    we could have a separate vote to transfer some funds from Reserves
    to projects.
-   Project Awesome should be done by someone else. The treasurer has
    enough numbers to deal with without having to keep track of 8
    different project balances, allocating donations, surpluses and
    expenses and updating project POCs about it all. I doesn't get done.
    The treasurer should only deal with the "Projects" balance overall,
    not the breakdown, IMO.
-   Expect rent to increase for next year as usual.

### Secretary's Report {#secretarys_report}

### Director-at-Large Reports {#director_at_large_reports}

#### Mike

#### Matt

## Adjournment

Adjourned by at 9:44pm by Julia

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
