`{{TOCright}}`{=mediawiki}

## Time and Location

:   Date Jan 9
:   Called to order at 7:34 pm by Obioma
:   Members present:
:   Members remote: Aure Chris Jared Matt Liz Callie Oby Gabe
:   Others present:
:   [Quorum](Quorum)

    :   Quorum met? Yes!

## [Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes](Regular_Member_Meeting_2022_10_10)

Approved by Obioma and Gabriel

## Recognition

Callie for beginning to design the domain Aure has been helping a bunch
on space upgrades, including noise cancellation! Aure has been managing
the lock battery on the inner door Obioma shared a large collection of
common batteries

## New Members

Liz has been adopted as a member! Unanimous applause. Ask members for
onboarding!

-   Chris for wifi access
-   Callie for email address
-   Obioma for a key

## Old Business

### Coming back from 2023

Open Project Night Rebuild HacDC.org Game night Lightning talks

### Beginning

3d printing / microcontrollers Oleksi: PCB manufacturing AI study group
Robotics group Occupancy sensor

Scheduling on Meetup:

-   Low-friction scheduling for our members: ask to become an admin on
    Meetup.

## New Business

### Rebuild Fund working group

-   Bringing in new members requires us to keep up our equipment:
-   Laser cutter & 3d printers
-   Pick and place machine or reflow oven

Members:

-   Gabe - 3d printers
-   Liz - researching our tools & needed equipment
-   Matthew - procuring gear

### Public Engagement and Social Media

-   Do more displays such as in public fairs, and engage in social media
-   Pictures from Open Project Night and from around our space
-   Begin by gathering a working group, and begin to assign access to
    our online accounts

` * YouTube, Discord, Blabber, Twitter, GitHub, CodeBerg`\
` * LinkedIn is being held by someone else`

Members:

-   Chris is eager to manage the Discord channels -\> use "Onboarding"
    process
-   Obioma is going to help lead
-   Callie can pick up on Gabe's management of the codebases

### LAN club in Chris' public school

Chris is bringing in a rack server to the school, and using Senet as a
network boot launcher for some workstation towers. He is using spare
graphics cards and secondhand refurbished workstations.

A call for keyboards, mice, displays, and similar peripherals for the
LAN club.

### Hacdc.org migration {#hacdc.org_migration}

HacDC.org is running on DreamHost's cPanel DNS - this means that we are
unable to use the hacdc.org domain (or subdomains!) from computers in
our space.

Thursday - speak to Callie or Tristan if you can help on Nix & Proxmox
deployments

### Treasurer's Report

Had been an issue - our bank held up payment of checks to the church, so
going ahead Matthew is going to change us to use ACH payments for rent.

Matthew secured an exemption using mytaxdc -\> we payed no property tax
to DC. The papers need to be filed once per year on a recurring basis.
Also doing Form 990 in coming weeks.

Should look to increase membership. Has gone from 23 -\> 19 members in a
couple months.

Is going to lead a session on recording treasurer's role for their
successor. \$10/mo: Can commercialize some of our resources, including
GPU access, email addresses.

## Adjournment

Adjourned by at 8:18 by Obioma

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
