`{{TOCright}}`{=mediawiki}

## Time and Location

:   Date
:   Called to order at 8:12 pm by Julia
:   Members present: Ken, Kevin, Julia, Bobby, Enrique
:   Members remote: Tom
:   Others present: Rob
:   [Quorum](Quorum)

    :   Quorum met? No

## Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes

Approved.

## Recognition

Ken facilitated a meeting with DC Govt and National Makers organization,
see proposal below.

## New Members

Rob R. was a member a number of years ago and is coming back. Works for
a USAID contractor, using maker tools and approaches to apply to
international development. Rob voted in unanimously.

## Old Business

## New Business

### Pursue a grant - [Smart and Connected Communities (S&CC)](https://www.nsf.gov/pubs/2018/nsf18520/nsf18520.htm) and [Neighborhood Artisan Centers (NACs)](DC_Community_Hackerspaces)

Ken is proposing that HacDC submit a **letter of intent** and
**proposal** to the National Science Foundation, bidding on their
["Smart and Connected Communities
(S&CC)"](https://www.nsf.gov/pubs/2018/nsf18520/nsf18520.htm) (Program
Solicitation: NSF 18-520), in cooperation with **[Nation of
Makers](https://nationofmakers.us/)** and the DC government's **[Safer,
Stronger DC Community
Partnerships](https://apia.dc.gov/release/mayor-bowser-open-safer-stronger-dc-office-neighborhood-safety-and-engagement)**.

-   **DEADLINES:**
    -   January 30, 2018: **Letter of Intent**
    -   February 28, 2018: **Full Proposal Deadline**
-   **TL;RL:** The goal of the NSF Smart and Connected Communities
    (S&CC) program solicitation is to accelerate the creation of the
    scientific and engineering foundations that will enable smart and
    connected communities to bring about new levels of economic
    opportunity and growth, safety and security, health and wellness,
    and overall quality of life. This goal will be achieved through
    integrative research projects that pair advances in technological
    and social dimensions with meaningful community engagement.
-   **The pot:** \$19,250,000 divided between 7 to 15 bidders
-   **Work in progress:** [A Concept for Neighborhood Artisan
    Centers](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UxZ_VBHbBEJ9fVJN7rdwqIjmKjv-HTKhiVUrSnDJta4/)
-   **Additional information:** [Neighborhood Artisan Centers
    (NACs)](DC_Community_Hackerspaces)

## [Project Awesome](:Category:Project_Awesome) Reports

### Project SUPPLIES - Mirage

### Project EXPANSION - Mirage

### Project HAMRADIO - Jeff

### Project Electron Microscope (SEM) - Enrique

Using isopropyl alcohol we located a leak where the column connects to
the side vacuum tube (the tube leading up to the gun on the side of the
column). Confusingly, the application of alcohol helped the pressure
fall quite a bit from 4000mTorr to about 500mTorr. Also the turbo pump
did not slow down, which is great. However the desired pressure is
closer to 10mTorr (check units on OEM indicator). We only let it pump
for less than an hour. It wouldn't be unreasonable to let it pump for 24
hours to see if it improves. Moisture is very time-consuming to remove
once it's wandered its way into every nook and cranny, which is why SEMs
are generally kept under vacuum with the pumps on 24/7. The good news is
major leaks in other areas were ruled out, including the main door seal.
EDX flange, blank flange, gauge itself and the gun seal. We should
consider connecting the pump exhaust to the laser cutter exhaust to vent
oil fumes that make it past the filter (they can be smelled in the
room). - Enrique

Also identified all (but one) of the parts to the backscatter detector
system. Reverse-engineered and wrote schematics and took photos of it
all. We can now design and assemble a better amplifier for it. Julia
acquired an identical backscatter system off eBay. Working with two
other people reverse-engineering SEMs to make them open-source. Also
found someone in CA with two of the same model we have. - Julia

### Project Optical Table Robot (OTR) -Julia

Nothing to report. James is leaving soon too.

### Project CRISPR -Enrique

We've contacted the CRISPR kit supplier who previously offered to send
us a new version of the kit ingredients to arrange delivery for early
January. Our plan is to perform the CRISPR experiment as soon as the kit
arrives to avoid questions of storage temperature.

### Project SpaceBlimp -Enrique

Quite a bit of progress in defining the project long-term goals and
ramping up for a launch sometime in late January. We are having biweekly
meetings, posted on MeetUp and in conjuction with the Rockville
makerspace with whom we do a videoconference. The next meeting is 12/20
and should be a worknight to assemble payloads we're pretty sure we want
to include in the next launch. It looks like we'll include a gyroscopic
stabilizer, several Raspberry PI zeros with cameras (1080p video) and
there's interest in building a Muon detector. Several of us also visited
the University of Maryland's balloon launch team; it's a one-credit
class for engineering college students and they launch between 6-10
balloons every year. We have several people who want to bring Spaceblimp
to area schools, so we've drafted a long-term plan to allow school
students to choose, design and build their own payloads for future
Spaceblimp launches (8+, 7 will be a demo/practice for ourselves).
Bringing this project to schools is also a way to fund many future
Spaceblimp launches.

### Project Media Outreach - Matt

### Project IT Infrastructure - Tom

## Member Reports

-   A wee bit of progress has been made with software to talk to the
    SEM. It's moving towards a "pronsole-like" interface.
    ([Ubuntourist](User:Ubuntourist))

## Director Reports (Governance related stuff)

### President's Report

### Vice President's Report

I have the core switch back up and able to be managed. HacDC VLANs are
now correctly applied. We still need to rebuild the rest of the
building's network.

We on the Admin team have provided tech support for several wireless
connectivity issues to the Church office and some tenants.

Other than that -- we have generally had a month or two of setbacks, and
not much progress. I would still like to provide a number of upgrades to
HacDC and the church, but the line we had on a donation of locking rack
which was to help make all this happen went sideways.

### Treasurer's Report

### Secretary's Report

### Director-at-Large Reports

#### Kevin

#### Matt

## Adjournment

Adjourned by at 9:09pm by Julia

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
