**Note:** This page serves as the 2011-12-13 Member Meeting's agenda
(before the meeting) and minutes (after the meeting).

## Time and Location

December 13, 2011

Meeting called to order at 19:56 by: Bradford Barr

Members Present: Bradford Barr, Toast, Jamie, Jon, Nick, Chris, Martin,
Phil, Ben, Tim S., Alberto, Nadir, Emily

Others Present: Jackson, Key, Kevin, Tim, Rich, Lee

[Quorum](Quorum) met? YES!

## Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes

[Regular Member Meeting 2011 11
08](Regular_Member_Meeting_2011_11_08) Approved.

## Director Reports

### President's Report

### Vice President's Report

### Treasurer's Report

Here is the November 2011 financial summary:
<file:HacDC_Financials_Nov_2011.pdf>

We finished November \$200 ahead. We should be clearing expenses on
membership dues alone at this point but we had a rash of non-payments
(due to PayPal problems?). We added members Mike Chelen and Nadir
Abdulhaqq and reinstated Alan McCosh, and lost no one! Getting donations
from Design Class, thanks to Emily!

Martin finished the 3rd floor intercom system and we got a big \$2191
rent credit from the church - thanks Martin!!! We should sack some of
that away in the reserve but can spend some - I think Martin should get
a big say due to all his hard work.

Might put some money towards a laser cutter!

### Secretary's Report

Had a visitor from a Hackerspace in NC. Proselytized HacDC at a local
LAN party and met a member of Unallocated Space who was interested in
starting a mailing list for Mid-Atlantic Hackerspaces.

### Director-at-Large Reports

#### Toast

#### Martin

## Member Reports

## Old Business

## New Business

Membership approval needed for audit committee: Bjorn Westergard,
Jaime/ITechGeek, and Darius Roberts. Once approved they will be given
access to financial and membership records. Approved

We should talk about and possibly commit to having a booth at the 2012
USA Engineering Festival in the Robot Fest area - need ideas and people
to volunteer. Approved

We will talk about what to do with surplus money online and approve next
meeting.

## New Members

### Leon S. Ciereszko III {#leon_s._ciereszko_iii}

Amateur radio. Electronics. Degree in EE. Likes to work on stuff but
doesn't have space for tools. Spent seven years in Germany. Nom: Martin
Sec: Phil Approved.

### Richard

Works for Nano Racks, sends payloads to ISS. Looking for help with 3D
printer. Wants to make kits that kids can use to send stuff to space.
Nom: Alberto Sec: Martin Approved.

### Jackson

Does data-analysis consulting and scientific programming. Python, R,
Matlab. Does some 3D printing. Nom: Ben Sec: Toast Approved.

### Timothy

New to the area. Interested in 3D printing and robotics. Heard about us
through Daniel Packer. Nom: Toast Sec: Nick Approved.

## Adjournment

Adjourned at: 8:45

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
