`{{TOCright}}`{=mediawiki}

## Time and Location {#time_and_location}

:   Date: January 19th, 2021
:   Called to order at 7:40 pm by Karen
:   Members present: (7) Karen, Ken, Luis, Matt, Ken, Tayeb, Kevin,
    John, Oby, Gabriel Altay
:   Members remote: None
:   Others present: Stargate-DX
:   [Quorum](Quorum)

    :   Quorum met? Yes

## Approval of [Previous Meeting's Minutes](Regular_Member_Meeting_2020_12_08) {#approval_of_previous_meetings_minutes}

Approved

## Recognition

## New Members {#new_members}

## Old Business {#old_business}

-   Tayeb: Keep Meetup updated (members meeting)

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Laptop distribution and acquisition to church members. Make sure we
    are not signing up for IT services -- Action item email for Mike to
    be written by Tayeb

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   John: Time of year to talk to Mike about the future years rent
    situation -- should we reach out to Mike or wait for him to reach
    out to us? Update: Meeting with Mike on the 27th of January, BOD to
    meet at Tuesday 6:30 day prior to discuss.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Tayeb: Ken, Kevin, Tayeb, Obi and Luis currently meeting and have
    plans for kickstarting the weekly course meetings in the following
    weeks. To send update on the members email list and reach out to
    Words Beats and Life.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Kevin: Is there a possibility of making the servers available to
    HacDC members? Tayeb volunteers himself to try initial setup of the
    servers sometime in the month of December! Reach out to Ethan Waldo

Tayeb to follow up with Gabriel Altay on January 24th at the space

## New Business {#new_business}

-   Michelle: Could HacDC cross post a NeuroTechX Buzz event on the
    meetup?

## [Project Awesome](:Category:Project_Awesome) Reports {#project_awesome_reports}

### Project HAMRADIO - Jeff {#project_hamradio___jeff}

### Project Electron Microscope (SEM) {#project_electron_microscope_sem}

## Member Reports {#member_reports}

## Director Reports (Governance related stuff) {#director_reports_governance_related_stuff}

### President's Report {#presidents_report}

### Vice President's Report {#vice_presidents_report}

### Treasurer's Report {#treasurers_report}

Financial Report: Current Balance -- \$7002 We currently have 18 paying
members, \$990 from dues and an additional \$590 from donations. Rent is
\$732 for September, total expenses are \$793

### Secretary's Report {#secretarys_report}

### Director-at-Large Reports {#director_at_large_reports}

## Adjournment

Adjourned by at 20:38 by Karen

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
