`{{TOCright}}`{=mediawiki}

## Time and Location {#time_and_location}

:   Date: May 11th 2021
:   Called to order at 7:36 pm by Tayeb Zaidi
:   Members present: Ken, Kevin, Karen, Matt, Gabe, Oby, John Pancoast,
    Don, Matt
:   Members remote:
:   Others present: Elijah Angelman
:   [Quorum](Quorum)

    :   Quorum met? Yes

## Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes {#approval_of_previous_meetings_minutes}

## Recognition

-   Michelle -- For sending out the monthly sentiment survey and
    aggregating the results!

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Open Project Night -- everyone who showed up!

## New Members {#new_members}

## Old Business {#old_business}

-   Pro RecycleWorks collaboration -- will visit their facility in late
    May/beginning of June with Kevin, Tayeb, and Sanjay (+ maybe others)

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Open Project Night -- successful first event! Mostly people talking
    about their projects and not much working. Approximately 10
    attendees

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Food Kitchen -- Karen has been there, group volunteering possible.
    Likely in two weeks Saturday morning (9am-12pm)

## New Business {#new_business}

-   Karen -- Talked to Tristan, thought he could do CTF online,
    interested in doing a different game from the website to change it
    up. He was ready to go Karen suggested that we should do a test
    first. Tristan could use someone to help with the admin
    (Meetup/promotion) and the help during the event. Gabe volunteers to
    do one in the next two weeks sometime (21st/22nd of May?)

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Gabe -- Kaggle competition for finding alien signals in synthetic
    SETI data. Could be an additional meetup, could be a component of
    the open project night.
    <https://www.kaggle.com/c/seti-breakthrough-listen/overview/description>

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Tayeb -- Monthly Sentiment Survey results discussion -- will request
    that members be vaccinated before coming to the space

## [Project Awesome](:Category:Project_Awesome) Reports {#project_awesome_reports}

### Project SUPPLIES - Mirage {#project_supplies___mirage}

### Project EXPANSION - Mirage {#project_expansion___mirage}

### Project HAMRADIO - Jeff {#project_hamradio___jeff}

### Project Electron Microscope (SEM) - Julia {#project_electron_microscope_sem___julia}

### Project Optical Table Robot (OTR) - Julia {#project_optical_table_robot_otr___julia}

### Project CRISPR -Enrique {#project_crispr__enrique}

\- Report and updates

### Project SpaceBlimp -Enrique {#project_spaceblimp__enrique}

\- Report and updates

### Project Media Outreach - Matt {#project_media_outreach___matt}

### Project IT Infrastructure - Tom {#project_it_infrastructure___tom}

## Member Reports {#member_reports}

## Director Reports (Governance related stuff) {#director_reports_governance_related_stuff}

### President's Report {#presidents_report}

### Vice President's Report {#vice_presidents_report}

### Treasurer's Report {#treasurers_report}

Increase of \$333 from last month's total balance, total revenue
\$1070/month

### Secretary's Report {#secretarys_report}

### Director-at-Large Reports {#director_at_large_reports}

#### ???

#### ??? {#section_1}

## Adjournment

Adjourned by at 8:50pm by Tayeb Zaidi

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
