## Time and Location

:   June 11, 2013
:   Called to order at 1950 by Ben.
:   Members present: Ben, Chris, David, David, Shahi, Rubin, Sherin,
    Ben, Katie, Alberto, Dan, Mirage, Shawn, 2 others.
:   Others present: 1 other
:   [Quorum](Quorum)?

    :   Quorum met? Yes.

## Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes

[Regular Member Meeting 2013 05
14](Regular_Member_Meeting_2013_05_14) Approved. [Regular
Member Meeting 2013 04 09](Regular_Member_Meeting_2013_04_09)
Also approved.

## Recognition

### Mirage335 & Dan Barlow

Thank you so much for helping the Project Byzantium crew with the
troublesome PTT circuit.

## Director Reports

### President's Report

Busy with Bzyantium.

### Vice President's Report

Ditto.

### Treasurer's Report

Here is the financial summary spreadsheet for May 2013:
![](HacDC_Financials_2013_05.pdf "HacDC_Financials_2013_05.pdf"). We
gained Alex as a new member (he was voted in last month), and
prospective members Jason and Kay have already started paying dues. Matt
Lesko left. Five people (members and non-members) made non-dues
donations.

We have received ISC grant funds for Project Byzantium and will be
tracking those separately from Project Awesome BYZANTIUM vote-directed
funds. One thing we will need to decide: will expenditures to fulfill
the grant need to be pre-approved (over some minimum amount) by members,
or the board, or some other set of people? I suggest deciding we make
this an item of New Business.

#### Project Awesome

We had a surplus so I am able to declare a \$300 Project Awesome
dividend and add \$143.94 to our reserves. Here is the Project Awesome
spreadsheet for May:
![](HacDC_PA_Projects-2013_05.pdf "HacDC_PA_Projects-2013_05.pdf").
There are still 16 votes, with no changes in voting since last month.

### Secretary's Report

All is quiet.

### Director-at-Large Reports

#### [Shawn Nock](User:Nocko) (unable to attend)

#### Reuven

Looked into inventory tracking, depreciation, etc.

## [Project Awesome](:Category:Project_Awesome) Reports

### Project LASER

Laser arrived. Need to clear space.. metal lockers will be relocated in
the same room. All are asked to empty their stuff from the locker.

Samples of acrylic material from manufacturer shown. Will open box and
take a quick look after the meeting.

Need feedback for stock purchases together vs buying your own. Buying
together makes it easier to get the really nifty materials.

No one should operate it until they pass a laser safety training course
and are signed off. More info later.

### Project BYZANTIUM

Some issues with push-to-talk circuits. Big help from down under with
software! Milestone coming up this Friday.

### Project KITBUILD

Kitbuild coming up 16 July: DangerShield. Students should buy their own
soldering supplies.

Need to reimburse Tim S. for soldering irons: \~\$300. (since it's over
\$250, needs member approval)

-   members approved reimbursement.

### Project SUPPLIES

#### 3D Printers

##### Prusa Mendel

Easy fire-and-forget operation. Stable and efficient. Essential spare
parts available.

Please read [:Category:PrusaMendel](:Category:PrusaMendel) if
you haven't used the printer in a while.

##### Cupcake Makerbot

Crated, awaiting pickup by owner or repair. Really, this machine is
limiting, very difficult to use, no longer needed to repair the Prusa
Mendel, and taking up a lot of space.

Meeting conversation:

-   Cupcake came here originally not working. Someone replaced a
    controller board to get it working.. later they needed the board
    back. And that's its current state.
-   Hac will take appropriate steps to do right by the original owner.

#### Outlook

Mill stock replenishment may occur soon, pending some testing.

We ought to trade/sell most of our ABS stock. We don't need more than
1kg. PLA is stronger, except in rare (eg. high-temperature/outdoor)
situations.

#### Costs

\$83.76 Receipts mentioned last month have been reimbursed.

### Project SPACECAM

Needs a project contact! (no report)

## Member Reports

### mirage335

#### GrindDC

Three NeuroSky Mindwave devices have arrived. Alexander Stone has
developed a workable multiplayer ping pong game based on their raw
"activity" data. Also, adding an LT1168 instrumentation amplifier may
greatly improve sensitivity.

Biosignal amplifier is producing real EEG data. [Occipital lobe alpha
waves](http://dl.dropbox.com/u/2757918/documentation/Mirage335BiosignalAmp/08-AlphaWavesLowRes.jpg)
are cleanly detected when users close their eyes. Further improvements
are focused on comfort (ie. sponge electrodes).

#### HacDC Licensing Policy

Added "by default" to make the policy less restrictive. However, the
article might still conflict with other licenses used at HacDC
(including GPL), or even inhibit commercial interest in our space. Might
be better if the distinction between website content and HacDC
hardware/software projects was made explicitly.

#### Optical Table

At some (unknown - mirage335 is unavailable this weekend) date, help may
be needed to bring the optical table to HacDC. It is still awaiting the
opportunity and lifting resources to move in at HacDC.

Estimated at \~\$3k, the table will enable advanced optical experiments
and attract another field of expertise to the space. Otherwise, it is
headed **for scrap**.

In case we cannot figure out something ourselves, we might think about
authorizing Project Awesome funds to be spent on a professional moving
service.

Note that basement flooded during the heavy rains we've had in the past
few days.

May need to purchase a heavy duty dehumidifier.

### Alberto

Calling for 2 volunteers to help with 16 July KitBuild.

### David

Robotics conference on Sunday. MD Robotics center is attending and
having an exhibition for high school students. David wants to take the
F3 and make a Hac presence.. looking for at least one other to help out.

### Dan

Put up a white board and cork board. Asking if in gathering donations
are storage items of interest? Members say yes.

## Old Business

-   [Privacy Policy](Privacy_Policy) is put forward for
    member vote as officially adopted policy. Notification was sent to
    members on 04May2013.
    -   In the week since announcing this was up for vote, there has
        been a lot of discussion and probably not enough agreement to
        actually vote on it.
    -   Restored section about photography, without the paragraph about
        security cameras.
    -   Policy approved by member vote.

Permalink:
<http://wiki.hacdc.org/index.php?title=Privacy_Policy&oldid=9447>

-   [Licensing Policy](Licensing_Policy) is put forward for
    member vote as officially adopted policy. Notification was also sent
    to members on 04May2013.
    -   Note the critical "by default".
    -   Policy approved by member vote, 1 nay. Nay: not GPL compatible.

Permalink:
<http://wiki.hacdc.org/index.php?title=Licensing_Policy&oldid=9339>

-   Vote to approve "Article II: Membership" and "Article III:
    Expenditures and Reimbursements" from the [Proposed Standing
    Rules](Proposed_Standing_Rules).
    -   Articles II and III approved by member vote.

Permalink:
<http://wiki.hacdc.org/index.php?title=Proposed_Standing_Rules&oldid=9449>

-   [Shop Rules](Shop_Rules) is put forward for member vote.
    Such rules as these are pointed to in Article VI in [Proposed
    Standing Rules](Proposed_Standing_Rules).
    -   Shop Rules approved by member vote.

Permalink: <http://wiki.hacdc.org/index.php?title=Shop_Rules&oldid=9342>

## New Business

ISC grant: Looking for approval to reimburse funds spent prior to grant
money arriving. Member voted to approve grant.

## New Members

1 visitor, Edward. 1 returning member, Nick

## Adjournment

Adjourned at 2131.

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
