`{{TOCright}}`{=mediawiki}

## Time and Location {#time_and_location}

:   Date: October 11, 2022
:   Called to order at 7:34 pm by Michelle
:   Members present: Matt, Kevin, Oby, Michelle, Gabe, Christopher
:   Members remote:
:   Others present:
:   [Quorum](Quorum)

    :   Quorum met? Yes

## [Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes](Regular_Member_Meeting_2022_09_13) {#approval_of_previous_meetings_minutes}

-   Approved!

## Recognition

-   New member, Chris, for testing and moving servers from the basement

## New Members {#new_members}

## Old Business {#old_business}

-   15 to 20 folks attended Gabe's [Machine Learning by
    Doing](https://www.meetup.com/hac-dc/events/qfvkxsydcnbjb/) session.
    Plenty of materials to continue with new episodes.
-   Michelle expects to have more time for Project Night
-   3D modeling of the basement, with proposed future redesign is done
-   A Raspberry Pi ([OctoPi](https://octoprint.org/)) for one of the
    printers is available. (Look into [BotFather](https://botfather.io/)
    too.)
-   Lease: Waiting for Reverend Ronnie to approve changes. Essentially
    putting into writing, formalizing the informal roof access, basement
    access, etc.
-   Looks like Tristan has been busy

## New Business {#new_business}

-   New server! Thanks Chris!
    -   Bottom of the rack next to the Ham Radio station
    -   [Chris's server
        specs](https://pcpartpicker.com/user/razorrider7/saved/#view=CwDv4D)
    -   Uses [Unraid](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unraid)
    -   Set up [Proxmox](https://www.proxmox.com/en/)?
-   The existing network runs [pfSense
    firewall](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/PfSense) but we have no
    "sense" of it. Also, warnings of out-of-date, insecure software /
    firmware in the various routers. Need to update.
-   There was a break in during the middle of the week. No apparent
    forced entry. (Other offices had windows broken.) We need to change
    combinations and possibly replace locks. No apparent theft.
    -   Schedule regular annual changes of pass codes
    -   If the battery fails the lock becomes impossible to open
        blocking our access to the space
    -   Replace the electronic lock itself with a better one that does
        logging
    -   Schedule battery replacements
    -   Matt M. may have ideas on using [Home
        Assistant](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Home_Assistant) /
        [EPSHome](https://esphome.io/) or
        [Matter-certified](https://csa-iot.org/newsroom/matter-arrives/)
        devices for security
    -   [Wild Apricot](https://www.wildapricot.com/) for membership
        management
    -   Reach out to Paul Chase and Tom Stauber at
        [NoVALabs](https://www.nova-labs.org/) to see how they manage
        space security / membership
-   Rats! (and / or other vermin)
    -   Making food policies more explicit: Clean up, keep away from
        equipment, empty trash -- take it out of the building
    -   Ask the church about exterminating services after the dust
        settles on the new lease agreement
    -   Establish a digital Code of Conduct that incorporates
        cleanliness along with other virtues
-   Resume Movie Night?
    -   Possibly in the auditorium
-   [API World 2022](https://apiworld.co/) (Oct 25-27, San Jose
    Convention Center & Nov 1-3, Virtual) looking for HacDC to join as a
    "Community Partner" and offering perks. To whit, in return for
    letting Meetup Group members (and others) know about API World 2022,
    we get (and I quote):

> -   Free OPEN Passes for your Meetup Group members to attend the
>     event.
> -   \$100 (through PayPal) to help cover the cost of your next Meetup.
> -   Recognition as a Community Partner on the API World 2022 website.
> -   Chance to apply for a coveted (as opposed to the uncoveted?)
>     speaking slot in one of the event tracks.
> -   Opportunity to hold a Meetup onsite.

-   Set up a [The Last
    Defender](https://www.denvercenter.org/tickets-events/the-last-defender/)
    "escape-room-like event
-   Documentation for how to get audio in the space working
-   Get rid of all the unused servers from the basement? Vote to approve
    passes
    -   Drill-press holes into the hard drives

## [Project Awesome](:Category:Project_Awesome) Reports {#project_awesome_reports}

### Project SUPPLIES - ??? {#project_supplies__}

### Project EXPANSION - ??? {#project_expansion__}

### Project HAMRADIO - ??? {#project_hamradio__}

### Project Electron Microscope (SEM) - ??? {#project_electron_microscope_sem__}

### Project Media Outreach - ??? {#project_media_outreach__}

### Project IT Infrastructure - ??? {#project_it_infrastructure__}

## Member Reports {#member_reports}

-   Matt attended the [East Coast RepRap
    Festival](http://eastcoastreprapfestival.com/)
    -   5-axis printers - open source hardware designs and other
        software and tech improvements
    -   chocolate printer
    -   open source pick'n'place machine -- Very slick!
    -   hoping to see more Ant CNC routers in the future
    -   Matt's building a [PrintNC](https://wiki.printnc.info/en/home)
    -   Matt's planning to attend
        [MERF](https://www.facebook.com/midwestreprapfest/)

## Director Reports (Governance related stuff) {#director_reports_governance_related_stuff}

### President's Report {#presidents_report}

### Vice President's Report {#vice_presidents_report}

### Treasurer's Report {#treasurers_report}

-   From September 13 to October 11
-   \$231 checks deposited today. We're in the black.
-   Crypto not doing well of late
-   \$3,600 in PayPal
-   Mario who was interested in recycling techology but is starting his
    own company and has gotten busy
-   19 members but probably actually 18 with Mario gone

### Secretary's Report {#secretarys_report}

### Director-at-Large Reports {#director_at_large_reports}

#### Gabe

#### John

## Adjournment

Adjourned by at 9:02 PM by Michelle

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
