## Time and Location

October 9, 2012

Meeting called to order at 8pm by TimS

Members Present: DanB, Martin, Todd, TimD, Lee, Nadir, DanK, TimR, TimS

Others Present: Robert

[Quorum](Quorum) met? NOOOOO

## Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes

[Regular Member Meeting 2012 09
11](Regular_Member_Meeting_2012_09_11) - No quorum, need to
do next month.

## Director Reports

### President's Report

absent

### Vice President's Report

absent

### Treasurer's Report

Here is the financial summary spreadsheet for Sept 2012:
![](HacDC_Financials_2012_09.pdf "HacDC_Financials_2012_09.pdf") We lost
two members in September (Nick Stoler and Sara Peek, who both moved out
of the area), added no members, and extended our record to 8 non-paying
members - some have probably dropped without telling us, but others have
already made up the missing dues. 51 paying members does not meet our
regular expenses, but the additional donations are making the difference
for now. Next month should be better.

With the start of Project Awesome I have changed my financial
spreadsheets around a bit. I am now tracking regular expenses and
earmarked Project Awesome expenses separately, and reporting the total
amount of earmarks and the net reserve (total cash minus earmarks). This
will give a clearer picture of the different flavors of money. For
example this month we had \~\$400 of expenses from money already
earmarked for Byzantium. Including it gives us a \$318 loss for the
month, but our net available reserve actually increased \$77.

I hit people up for donations at the Raspberry Pi workshop and had \$100
in the tip jar at the end of the day (not sure how much was there
before). Don't be shy, ask for donations at events, especially if there
are lots of non-members there. (Haven't deposited yet so not in
spreadsheet anywhere.)

#### Project Awesome

Only one project has been proposed - Project LASER - so it got 100% of
the votes for September. However, our net income (earmarked expenses
excluded) was only \$77. I'd like to put away \$100 a month minimum, so
I can't declare a project dividend for September. There will be more
money available next month so please send out some proposals!

Here is the spreadsheet I'm using to track Project Awesome funding:
![](HacDC_PA_Projects-2012_09.pdf "HacDC_PA_Projects-2012_09.pdf"). I
have an entry for Byzantium so I can track their earmarked donations,
but they won't get a share of the project dividends until they submit a
project proposal.

Jamie/ITG used Google Script to make me a voting page but I haven't had
time to check it out - for now still send votes to awesome@hacdc.org.

### Secretary

Car trouble

### Director-at-Large Reports

#### Martin

100 people for Raspberry Pi workshop! Filled the church sanctuary. Could
have used a PA system - should remember for future events in the church.
Gert board was lost and then recovered. \$100 in tips. Interest in a
regular Raspberry Pi event? 3D Printing of cases?

#### Andy

absent

## Project Awesome Reports

### Project LASER

Have created the [PA_LaserCutter](PA_LaserCutter) project
page. Looks like Full Spectrum Laser has their new hobby laser product
in production:
<http://fslaser.com/products/lasers/hobby-lasers/newhobby>. That's the
model I would shoot for at this point but other suggestions are welcome.
--TimS

## Member Reports

### Tim S

Meeting with United Cerebral Palsy (UCP). They see a lot of overlap
between their goals and hackerspaces. Did some brainstorming on ways
they can reach out to hackers and possibly develop joint projects. They
would like to have a hackerspace with a focus on accessibility (unlike
HacDC unfortunately).

### Todd F

Interest from DC public library via Kevin Cole on teaching electronics
to the blind - they have funds for equipment if someone can teach it.

### Tim R

DC Drones group has 50 members - all levels of folks.
<http://www.meetup.com/dc-area-drone-user-group> Has a fly-in coming up
at a park in Virginia (Willowmere Park, Stafford VA Sun Oct 14 2pm)

## Old Business

## New Business

## New Members

Robert King - Bio to Info Science, open source fan (Arch Linux). ToddF
nominated, Lee seconded. Approved by unanimous vote.

## Adjournment

Adjourned at: 8:44 pm

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
