`{{TOCright}}`{=mediawiki}

## Time and Location {#time_and_location}

:   Date May 8, 2018
:   Called to order at 7:45 pm by Karen
:   Members present: Tayeb, Kevin, Bobby, Tom, Ken, Karen
:   Members remote: Julia
:   Others present: Cliff, Dave
:   [Quorum](Quorum) 7

    :   Quorum met? Yes

## Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes {#approval_of_previous_meetings_minutes}

Motion to approve Tayeb, second Tom, approved

## Recognition

Kevin attended Library Week and made contacts for HacDC, lots of
conversation about fostering connections between maker organizations and
libraries in rural and/or otherwise under-served areas.

Dan Snedden from the American Library Assn visited HacDC 4/26 at Kevin's
invitation and met with Kevin and Ken

Julia and Kevin represented HacDC at the March for Science

Kevin and Nic attended a meeting of the District Maker Collective

## New Members {#new_members}

Dave wants to join - Tom moved, Tayeb seconded, general acclamation

## Old Business {#old_business}

Offer of a loan of tools by Bobby, including a 12-ton jack. Need to
create a storage space/work space for them first. Metal saw, circular
saw, tile saw, jack, plus a few other items. First step clear out front
area near the laser cutter, set up a work area, maybe with a vacuum to
keep laser cutter from getting too much dust in it. Make sure the space
is safe.

## New Business {#new_business}

### Capitol Hill Maker Faire {#capitol_hill_maker_faire}

-   Call participants: Trey, Tom, Ken and Kevin
-   Faire Date: June 12
-   Faire Time: 9:00 AM - 8:00 PM
    -   9:00 - 3:00 = Panels
    -   5:00 - 8:00 = Faire / exhibits
-   Faire Place: Rayburn Building
    -   Indoors. Table and power provided
    -   Trey is gathering a list of acceptable materials
-   Faire Target audience:
    -   1/5 (?) congressional representatives
    -   1/3 (?) funding agencies: (NSF, NIH, IMLF, etc.)
    -   General public
-   100 tickets to the panel sessions
-   Decide by 2018.05.09 (after member's meeting) but can be revised
    later:
    -   List of projects - Ideas from meeting: Cliff's raspberry pi
        projects, tiny drones, HacDC free software, entrepreneurship
        (Conduit Sports/Nic/Mirage?), 3D scanning/printing
    -   Point of contact - Kevin
    -   Materials being brought in - raspberry pis, conduit sports,
        laptops
    -   Table should include info (brochures, fliers, posters, video),
        at least one "participatory" demo, other projects
    -   Soldering / desoldering probably allowed. Trey is checking
-   Previous faires in 2015 and 2016. None last year.
-   In cooperation with Nation of Makers
-   Trey is (was?) a biologist who got into the educational aspects of
    making / hacking. He and Dorothy (Nation of Makers) largely
    responsible for the first DC Mini Maker Faire down at the Waterfront
    a few years ago.
-   Congressional Maker Caucus is composed of "about 20"
    Congress-things, and is "very bipartisan"

## [Project Awesome](:Category:Project_Awesome) Reports {#project_awesome_reports}

### Project SUPPLIES - Mirage {#project_supplies___mirage}

### Project EXPANSION - Mirage {#project_expansion___mirage}

### Project HAMRADIO - Jeff {#project_hamradio___jeff}

### Project Electron Microscope (SEM) - Julia {#project_electron_microscope_sem___julia}

### Project Optical Table Robot (OTR) - Julia {#project_optical_table_robot_otr___julia}

Interest, no activity

### Project CRISPR -Enrique {#project_crispr__enrique}

\- Report and updates

### Project SpaceBlimp -Enrique {#project_spaceblimp__enrique}

\- Report and updates

### Project Media Outreach - Matt {#project_media_outreach___matt}

### Project IT Infrastructure - Tom {#project_it_infrastructure___tom}

## Member Reports {#member_reports}

## Director Reports (Governance related stuff) {#director_reports_governance_related_stuff}

### President's Report {#presidents_report}

I received a lot of good feedback on a code of conduct/rules of the road
at the last member meeting/bod meeting but have made no further
progress. Good suggestions from a visiting maker from Orlando for forms
(jot forms).

### Vice President's Report {#vice_presidents_report}

`   20:44 < hacdc-meeting-op> installed a duplexer and ordered a ram module upgrade for the hp printer`\
`   20:44 < hacdc-meeting-op> openwrt router for classroom on archer C7`

### Treasurer's Report {#treasurers_report}

More slow recollection of past dues. With the retroactive dues paid by
several members, we more or less broke even this month.

There was an issue with the Paypal payments for several of the members
whose dues had not been collected over the past 7 months, but after
talking with support that appears to be resolved. As such we have
already collected many more past dues this month and will collect many
more soon. We are currently charging affected members \$100 a month
(\$40 over normal dues for most people), and most people owe about \$360
or \$420 so the dues should be paid back in 8 months.

Vote to reimburse Julia for the IPS monitor and the little red wagon
(\$185) passes. Vote to reimburse Tayeb for 10 HacDC keys (\$25.71)
passes.

### Secretary's Report {#secretarys_report}

### Director-at-Large Reports {#director_at_large_reports}

#### Kevin

Nothing additional to report.

#### Ken

Drafted a project proposal to formalize a lot of the ideas around
implementing a program in partnership with a community-based
organization in an under-served area: do demos, make connections, get
feedback on proposed project. Need space/support/partner. Shooting to
have draft ready for review by HacDC membership next month.

## Adjournment

Motion to adjourn by Tom, seconded by Dave, meeting adjourned at 9:04

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
