`{{TOCright}}`{=mediawiki}

## Time and Location {#time_and_location}

:   Date
:   Called to order at 7.35 pm by Karen
:   Members present: Tayeb, Bobby, Ken, Kevin, James, Dan, Karen, Mirage
:   Members remote:
:   Others present: Rob, Jeff
:   [Quorum](Quorum) 5

    :   Quorum met? Y

## Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes {#approval_of_previous_meetings_minutes}

Motion, seconded, approved by acclamation.

## Recognition

Bobby, James and Kevin have done a lot of work on the 3d printers
Members who have converted to automatic payment Welcome back Tayeb James
has done a ton of work organizing the basement into a working shop - he
also got a welder for the shop

## New Members for July {#new_members_for_july}

Michelle

## Old Business {#old_business}

-   Rules of the road/code of conduct - there is input from Bobby that
    should be considered before we vote to accept
-   Ken is taking the VR system to community program that he is
    supporting so the younger kids can experience it (so no VR in the
    space right now)
-   Basement keys are sorted out, Karen and James need to go to the bank
    to sort out the signature cards
-   Visit to Nonstop Art - aiming for a group field trip on Wednesday,
    July 17, 6pm - Karen will email Nehemiah

## New Business {#new_business}

-   Kevin made a connection with WABA (kind of) who offered to help
    HacDC get a table at community events
-   Dan is looking for a part for his 3d printer that is on loan to
    HacDC
-   Bobby's ideas for drawing new visitors - screen/tshirt printing, 3d
    printing out on the sidewalk, RC vehicle advertising HacDC in the
    neighborhood
-   Visitor Jeff would like to join - members present approved

## [Project Awesome](:Category:Project_Awesome) Reports {#project_awesome_reports}

### Project SUPPLIES - Mirage {#project_supplies___mirage}

### Project EXPANSION - Mirage {#project_expansion___mirage}

### Project HAMRADIO - Jeff {#project_hamradio___jeff}

### Project Electron Microscope (SEM) - Julia {#project_electron_microscope_sem___julia}

### Project Optical Table Robot (OTR) - Julia {#project_optical_table_robot_otr___julia}

### Project CRISPR -Enrique {#project_crispr__enrique}

\- Report and updates

### Project SpaceBlimp -Enrique {#project_spaceblimp__enrique}

\- Report and updates

### Project Media Outreach - Matt {#project_media_outreach___matt}

### Project IT Infrastructure - Tom {#project_it_infrastructure___tom}

## Member Reports {#member_reports}

## Director Reports (Governance related stuff) {#director_reports_governance_related_stuff}

### President's Report {#presidents_report}

Next movie is Young Frankstein on Friday, July 19

### Vice President's Report {#vice_presidents_report}

Out of town - no report

### Treasurer's Report {#treasurers_report}

Google for nonprofits?

-   New subscriptions: Ken and Michelle Savage. Thank you for automating
    and for signing up, respectively.
-   Ended subscriptions: Philip Stewart. Sorry to see you go. Thanks for
    the past support.
-   Donations: Kyle Mulka, \$10. Thank you for your donation.
-   Business license renewed for 2 years. Paid personally due to
    president out of country. \$632.50
-   Hackdc.org domain name re-registered for 5 years.
-   Check 1200? Dond√© esta?
-   Donation from Facebook arrived. Check is in locker. I will try
    mobile deposit.
-   Balances: Paypal \$500, BBT \$5052.93.
-   Burn rate: \$1642/month expenses \$690/month income, \$952/month
    deficit = 5.8 months remaining.
-   We need 16 new \$60/mo. members.

Comment:

It would be nice to have monthly events where we could solicit donations
(they would be free events otherwise) Some topics - AI, Blockchain, etc.
Michelle's brain computer interface group?

### Secretary's Report {#secretarys_report}

Dave's not here man...

### Director-at-Large Reports {#director_at_large_reports}

#### Kevin

No reports, but will reach out to Brian at Exiles on Main Street to
schedule a HacDC night

#### Ken

No report

## Adjournment

Adjourned by at 8.25 by Karen

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
