`{{TOCright}}`{=mediawiki}

## Time and Location

:   Date 2023-12-12
:   Called to order at 7:36 pm by Obioma
:   Members present: Christopher
:   Members remote: Callie, Obioma, Aure
:   Others present: Michael Knight, Oleksii, Curtis
:   [Quorum](Quorum)

    :   Quorum met? Yes, 5/4

## [Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes](Regular_Member_Meeting_2022_10_10)

By Obioma and Callie

## Recognition

-   Aure brought in cable sheaths and small parts bins; also launched a
    Raspberry Pi.
-   Oby repaired our classroom printers.
-   Chris brought in spare PLA, and a couple Ubiquiti routers.
-   Callie rearranged near the back wall and basement, also unearthed
    and then broke the iMac.

## New Members

## Old Business

-   YouTube account is up!
-   LAN party is going
-   Optical Table is clear
-   IIIP printer uses 1.75mm PLA
-   Ultimaker has retooling supplies

## New Business

-   Aure: Add LEDs on all the shelves upstairs, programmable and can add
    animations
-   Chris: Router and switch

` * enable 2fa on router, can assign admins accounts and remote access`\
` * made a 'HacDC Member' network (VLAN) so our VMs and apps can be more secure`\
` * Aure added a UPS for router`

-   Programming for new year

` * Monday: Open Project Night`\
` * 3d printing / microcontroller / courses`\
` * "Rebuild HacDC.org"`\
` * Oleksii's PCB manufacturing classes in MoCo Makers`\
`   * Breadboard prototyping`\
`   * Equipment concerns for home manufacturing, Oleksii has been seeking a larger group`\
`   * Aure and Callie had gone to a couple classes`\
`   * Aure could use some breadboard help on the LED build`\
`   * Idea of making a Raspberry Pi hat, perhaps using neopixels`\
` * AI group`\
` * Robotics group`\
` * Speaker series`\
`   * Keep using speaker spreadsheet`\
` * "Occupancy sensor" as more of a discord / google groups alert.`

Aure recommends adding sound insulation to the server room door.

## Member Reports

## Director Reports (Governance related stuff)

### President's Report

### Vice President's Report

### Treasurer's Report

<https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1kUVLk-W-ucot2dKl6sHOHRT6G7WfO2aNcLfJzJNJKCo/edit?usp=sharing>

-   Place a sign saying a "suggested donation" in the space.
-   Charge admission for some classes (as in
    <https://www.hive76.org/membership/> )
-   Make additional membership plans (
    <https://www.hive76.org/membership/> )
-   Search for sponsors or grants as a plan B
-   Church is going to be redoing the lease pricing in the new year
    (mainly common spaces)

### Secretary's Report

-   Upcoming "Rebuild HacDC.org" schedule on meetup.com; proposed
    language:

\`\`\` A number of issues are occurring on hacdc.org and wiki.hacdc.org;
this is a large problem for a group of coding engineers, and a large
shame-on-me as a board member.

As 2024 begins, our group should be ready to launch a new and
much-upgraded copy of our dear online domain. This is a large challenge
though; heed the dangers. Our old pages from WordPress need to be
publicly backed up and screened for republication. Many images need to
be dug up from the linux box running our wiki, where they're no longer
rendering. Our graphic designs should include a bunch of room to expand
our operations, including a means of bringing the cherished occupancy
sensor back online.

Plus, hardly anyone has seen the hackerspace in the morning sun. Rise
and shine. \`\`\`

### Director-at-Large Reports

#### Michelle

#### Don / Brian

## Adjournment

Adjourned by at 8:10 by Obioma

Quick hello by Michael, going to see when he can come by the space.

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
