**Note:** This page serves as the 2011-01-11 Member Meeting's agenda
(before the meeting) and minutes (after the meeting).

## Time and Location

January 11, 2011 Meeting called to order at 7:55 by Timball.

Members Present:

Timball Martin Phil S Tim C Todd F Chris K Ben M Xaq R Tommy J Will G
Andy W Katie B Elliot W Toast Jamie

Others Present:

John W Ben H

[Quorum](Quorum) met?

Totally.

## Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes

[Regular Member Meeting 2010 12
14](Regular_Member_Meeting_2010_12_14)

Approved as read.

## Director Reports

### President's Report

In Vancouver.

### Vice President's Report

Happy New Year.

### Treasurer's Report

Total for Membership Dues \$1,930.00

Non Profit Income

12/04/2010 Sales Receipt 1307 Paypal 96.80 96.80

12/16/2010 Sales Receipt 1330 Patrik Barbu in honor of david mcinnis
Paypal 48.25 145.05

12/31/2010 Deposit BBT Checking 190.00 335.05

Total for Non Profit Income \$335.05

Total for Income \$2,265.05

Expenses

Commissions & Fees

12/21/2010 Journal Entry 43 -SPLIT- 4.00 4.00

Total for Commissions & Fees \$4.00

Dues & Subscriptions

12/15/2010 Check 1003 George Mason High School BBT Checking 70.00 70.00

Total for Dues & Subscriptions \$70.00

Insurance

12/16/2010 Journal Entry 42 -SPLIT- 71.08 71.08

Total for Insurance \$71.08

Office Expenses

12/02/2010 Journal Entry 41 -SPLIT- 37.45 37.45

12/27/2010 Journal Entry 45 -SPLIT- 10.55 48.00

Total for Office Expenses \$48.00

Promotional

12/13/2010 Check 1004 Ben Stanfield BBT Checking 280.00 280.00

Total for Promotional \$280.00

Rent or Lease

12/22/2010 Journal Entry 44 -SPLIT- 2,000.00 2,000.00

Total for Rent or Lease \$2,000.00

Total for Expenses \$2,473.08

Net Ordinary Income \$ -208.03

Other Income/Expense

Other Income

Interest Earned

12/01/2010 Journal Entry 46 -SPLIT- 0.20 0.20

Total for Interest Earned \$0.20

Total for Other Income \$0.20

Net Other Income \$0.20

Net Income \$ -207.83

Total

ASSETS

Current Assets

Bank Accounts

BBT Checking 2,126.78

Total Bank Accounts \$2,126.78

Other Current Assets

Paypal 4,742.42

Undeposited Funds 0.00

Total Other Current Assets \$4,742.42

Total Current Assets \$6,869.20

Other Assets

Rent Security Deposits 850.00

Total Other Assets \$850.00

TOTAL ASSETS \$7,719.20

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY \$7,719.20

### Secretary's Report

There is no spoon.

### Director-at-Large Reports

Will: Been working with Jamie to clean up the HacDC drupal site: it was
found by the spambots. Requiring new accounts has shut down the new
spam, but there is still the issue of existing spammy comments which
need to be removed.

Katie: Unicorn (My Little Pony + soldering iron) build this weekend, as
well as cupcake packaging (hackerspace challenge). Will all be scheduled
tomorrow, check the mailing list for details.

## Member Reports

Todd: FIRST robotics. Five members went to the kickoff. Game is throwing
inner tubes onto pegs on a wall while another bot has to climb a pole.
We have relations with Dunbar HS (near convention center) and Cardozo HS
(Columbia Heights) which is local. People who want to mentor need to get
fingerprinted and TB-tested, forms by the computer. There may be an
option for drop-by guest speaker status.

We also sent out our 501c3 application, after it was returned with
questions.

Chris: Our crashspace will be listed on the Schmoocon website once the
booked-up hotel fills.

Tommy: Spent last few months building
[Q-switch](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Q-switch) trigger for his big
scary laser. It's all GPL, ask for details if you're interested. Small
YAG laser for sale, with frequency doubler.

Martin: Whatever became of Friends of HacDC? Thinks there's a bunch of
people who'd donate a small amount. We could advertise this, donate
small bits of schwag.

Elliot: 3D printing extravaganza. We had four bots in the space, bunch
of people working on them. I'll run a 3D printing Noob-to-Pro weekend
workshop in a few weeks.

Martin: We should have an open-hack night.

Will: Sent out a list of programming, past and future. Wants to collect
up a list of skills. Need more instructions on how to run an event at
HacDC.

## Old Business

## New Business

### New Members

John W.

## Adjournment

Adjourned at 8:50.

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
