`{{TOCright}}`{=mediawiki}

## Time and Location

:   Date
:   Called to order at Julia pm by 8:00
:   Members present: Julia, Tom, Matt Zand, Nic, James, Kevin, Ken
:   Members remote:
:   Others present: Nancy
:   [Quorum](Quorum)

    :   Quorum met? No

## Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes

Dispense with the reading of the previous minutes.

## Recognition

## New Members

## Old Business

## New Business

-   Enrique: The MOU proposed by HSTS. Sorry to add this last minute;
    busy couple of weeks. I'm skeptical because the proposal sounds less
    than a subcontract-for-service arrangement (or fiscal sponsorhip)
    than a rental agreement for the space with license to use HacDC's
    brand and other advertising resources. If HSTS accepts payment and
    then pays HacDC, we have no visibility or oversight of the funding
    for the classes, which is a no-no for fiscal sponsorship too.
    There's an issue of liability if HSTS doesn't have it's own
    insurance. Does HSTS do background checks on its instructors?
    Responsibility for unaccompanied minors has been a stumbling block
    for K-12 events at HacDC for years. In addition, HSTS wants to use
    other HacDC resources that we enjoy because of our non-profit status
    (eg Google Ad grant) and possibly the HacDC name. I think if this is
    a rental agreement, then the classes should not be HacDC events and
    shouldn't use the HacDC name. If it's a subcontract agreement then
    HacDC should accept payment and pay HSTS for services.
    -   Insufficient notice of this latest MOU to the mailing list.
    -   Matt says, lots of misunderstanding. If the Google AdWords grant
        is not used quickly, it will be lost. SEO is best left to a
        professional, and HacDC isn't qualified to run the campaign.
        HacDC does not have enough services for \$10,000.
    -   Tom has created a Google Ad, but founds it limited to something
        like a 30-character blurb.

## [Project Awesome](:Category:Project_Awesome) Reports

### Project SUPPLIES

### Project EXPANSION

### Project HAMRADIO

### Project Electron Microscope (SEM)

microcontroller to speak to our vacuum sensor has been located, and a
USB serial adaptor for talking to that microcontroller has also been
found.

Julia and Andrew making slow progress on parts, etc.

### Project Optical Table Robot (OTR)

James and Tom are still plugging away on the classroom laser. It now has
safety switches.

There are more mirrors for printing on the OTR, thanks to Bobby, but the
new belts have not been installed yet.

-   Cheap Chinese Laser may be finished this evening, which should scale
    up to the OTR
-   Ping-pong ball water level switch close to completion
-   Needed:
    -   Temperature sensor
    -   Flow sensor for air
    -   Flow sensor for water

### Project CRISPR

April's been busy for me with work, so not much time for CRISPR. We met
once or twice (Nancy, Enrique, Sophia, Bobby) to make fresh plates and
go through the protocol but still made some other mistakes. I haven't
had time to troubleshoot more. Tried to order streptomycin antibiotic
but Sigma won't ship to a church.

-   Seven plates available for people who want to get involved
-   No successes yet.
-   Hope to establish a regular meeting schedule

### Project SpaceBlimp

There's been little interest in Spaceblimp 7 lately. I will ask once
more.r me

-   About 5 people have responded to Blabber inquiries.
-   Most of the equipment is currently available
-   Another meeting proposed.

## Member Reports

Not sure where to put these

-   Nancy: Positive Force held a funraising concert and will continue to
    promote us. Enrique and Nancy spoke about the group. And a comment
    from Kevin in the balcony
-   Nancy: Robot Fest was great. Andrew and James really helped out.
    James ran one 3D printer. Andrew handled the other. Nic has
    contributed his printer. Lots of flyers given out. Nancy and Andrew
    started at 7:00 AM. Lots of driving. A visit to Unallocated Space.
    Spoke to Gary about 2018 event at USASEF at the Convention Center.
    Hopefully next to Unallocated Space.
-   Nancy: Reimburse Andrew for gas
-   Julia is bringing more equipment into the space. Zone 23 mixer, and
    two Pioneer CDJ-800's for DJ'ing.
-   James should also ask for reimbursement when there's quorum.
-   Ken looking for a grant opportunity that will fit HacDC but need to
    provide a proposal / letter of intent.
-   Ken: I was at community center in Ward 8 and wants to establish
    hackerspace-lite. Ran into Project Reboot. They have ties to
    government and business contacts. (Julia, Kevin and Tom provided
    feedback. See Free Geek.)

## Director Reports

### President's Report

-   We're bringing online two more 3d printers: A taz, and the old
    rostock. As the printers are getting a bit deep, We're going to
    clear out the front left shelf in the back room of the basement for
    the more reliable printers to live.
    -   Taller prints will be possible
    -   Rubber printer stays upstairs
    -   TAZ potentially moving down.
-   MicroController Monday and 3D Thursday are now standing room only
    events. I'm not sure what to do about that. People are not able to
    attend because there is just not enough space, and I'm definitely
    NOT starting a third weekly event.
    -   Pre-arranged events for a fee makes people more likely to show
        up. (James)
    -   More donation boxes everywhere (Andrew)
    -   Need income for buying a space
    -   More events needed

### Vice President's Report

-   We've got a 2d print server and some printers up and running. The
    hostname of the printserver is **classroom-printserver**.
-   I've got plans to update and improve the [classroom
    laptops](Classroom_Laptops) in the works.
    -   Please see [Classroom_Laptops](Classroom_Laptops)
        page and add any feature requests.
-   I've been plugging along with James on the
    [Cheap_Chinese_Laser](Cheap_Chinese_Laser). We've been
    taking our sweet time on getting the laser to actually fire from the
    controlboard, but we're about close to having that sorted.
-   I'd like to do a basement day sometime soon. TODO:
    -   re-rack all the servers after re-jiggering the existing
        four-post cabinet to hold actual full-size servers so we don't
        have to rest them on rack trays.
    -   take pictures of our two-post rack and patch panel and put them
        for sale up on craigslist for a cool \$2k or something like
        that.
    -   anything else we feel like doing in an organized fashion.
-   Any interest in [1](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/5S_(methodology))
    5S, or some other organizing system? I think our outgoing process is
    kind of broken or at least insufficient...
-   Related - no secretary? I guess I'll try to close the outgoing pile
    soon.
-   Project Datacenter -- Members seem to think we provide free server
    colocation services. If indeed we do, we should allocate some funds
    for this.
    -   For instance -- To use the rack downstairs fully, we need a nice
        switch, and I'm not opposed to buying one. Alternatively we
        could just find any old piece of junk that still werks and put
        it in a rack until it dies, then find another.
    -   Just get TP link (Andrew)
    -   Create it as an official project (Julia)

### Treasurer's Report

-   Revenue was \$1,360 and our expenses would have been \$1,096 if we
    hadn't paid rent early. Since we did, our expenses were only \$101.
    I have a very nice PDF sheet of the numbers for the whole year so
    far, balances and everything... where do I put it? Is there an
    Upload File link here? No. So yeah, no PDF because I can't.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Anyway, the numbers look rosier than they are, because \$240 of this
    month's revenue was catch-up payments of overdue members. Also in
    the last three months we've lost \$150/mo due to long-time (3-5yr)
    members stopping their dues payments (in many cases they don't come
    around, email bounces and we have no other contact info).

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Tax stuff. Filed FR-500 and FR-164 to register as a "business" in DC
    and then get tax-exempt status and next a solicitation license and
    finally a "Clean Hands," certificate stating our stuff is in order
    and we don't owe DC taxes or files, etc. This is required for many
    grants. I also filled out a DC tax return for HacDC... but without
    the exemption, we would owe about \$800 for 2016 taxes. I spoke with
    DC Office of Taxation who said not to bother filing taxes now
    because the exemption, once granted, would match the IRS exemption,
    which is retroactive to the date of incorporation in 2008. The
    acknowledgement letters are in the Treasurer's binder and in the
    Google Drive. The IRS tax return was already done last month and
    much easier.
-   Dwolla has begun charging us transaction fees (free ride is over,
    time to monetize!). It's 0.5% so 30 cents per \$60. Still better
    than PayPal.
-   Nobody is helping me update the website with content. Everything on
    there since November is from me. Should we switch to a static
    website rather than this dynamic WordPress thing nobody updates?
-   We effectively have no Secretary ; Ben has been away for several
    months now.

### Secretary's Report

### Director-at-Large Reports

#### Kevin

-   A git repository named "publicity" now lives out on Julia's git
    server. It contains a feeble attempt at a brochure which was
    produced using Scribus, qrencode and potrace. And of course, the
    GIMP.
-   A splendid time was had by all at the "Make for the Planet"
    hack-a-thon -- part of the Smithsonian Institute's Earth Optimism
    Summit. Five 3D printers, 16 teams, 48 hrs, two \$2,500 prize
    winners. The PAW2017 (People and Wildlife 2017) team from Duke
    University managed to get in 30-hours of print time. In attendance
    were Julia and meself, with a cameo by Sanjay. Conservation X Labs,
    sponsors of the hack-a-thon were quite pleased and want to visit the
    space. They have also promised to donate equipment. We shall see...
-   Learned at the hack-a-thon:
    -   Ferric filament is a wee bit hard on our TAZ and is not a good
        idea at the moment.
    -   We can raise funds by selling propeller earings. ;-)
    -   Multiple removable beds for the TAZ worked GREAT allowing us to
        swap out boards to allow people lots of time to remove their
        parts while not holding up people waiting to use the printer.

#### Matt

## Adjournment

Adjourned by at xxx by xxx

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
