## Time and Location {#time_and_location}

:   May 14, 2013
:   Called to order at 2006 by Ben.
:   Members present: 13
:   Others present: 2
:   [Quorum](Quorum)?

    :   Quorum not met.

## Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes {#approval_of_previous_meetings_minutes}

[Regular Member Meeting 2013 04
09](Regular_Member_Meeting_2013_04_09)

## Recognition

Thanks to Matthew Hines (mirage335) for overhauling the
[PrusaMendel](PrusaMendel).

Thanks to haxwithaxe and itg for installing new hardware in the server
closet.

## Director Reports {#director_reports}

### President's Report {#presidents_report}

DC Day of Civic Hacking is coming up on June 1st. More details on
Blabber (or email me). Come do good stuff for the community.
<http://dchackforchange.eventbrite.com/>

Checked out Robotfest, lots of Hackerspaces represented there... except
for HacDC. :(

CA Cert has offered to come do a presentation. If anyone is interested
in hearing them talk about the world of X.509 Certificates then let me
know.

### Vice President's Report {#vice_presidents_report}

Installed NAS type servers in downstairs area.

### Treasurer's Report {#treasurers_report}

Here is the financial summary spreadsheet for April 2013:
![](HacDC_Financials_2013_04.pdf "HacDC_Financials_2013_04.pdf"). We
gained five new members, Shawn W., Shawn N. (one of our at-large
directors!), Kevin, George, and non-pyrate Ben. We lost four members,
Tim S. (will be a "Friend of HacDC" donor for the time being), Bradford,
Paul, and Andy Ta.

I have filed our 990-N with the IRS.

Quorum remains at 14.

#### Project Awesome {#project_awesome}

We had a surplus so I am able to declare a \$500 Project Awesome
dividend and add \$131.52 to our reserves. Here is the Project Awesome
spreadsheet for April:
![](HacDC_PA_Projects-2013_04.pdf "HacDC_PA_Projects-2013_04.pdf").
There are now 16 votes total.

There is a new Project Awesome project, [Project
SPACECAM](Project_SPACECAM), with the aim of purchasing
webcams to broadcast space activities on Ustream/website. Project 3DP
transitioned to [Project SUPPLIES](PA_SUPPLIES) as discussed
at the previous monthly meeting.

As a reminder, a project contact must be a member of HacDC; this person
is the go-to for status updates and spending decisions (up to \$250
without prior approval). They don't have to do all the work, but they
must consent to being the contact. That said, Project KITBUILD needs a
contact person. Alberto? Nocko?

### Secretary's Report {#secretarys_report}

Working on making sure we have the rules in place we think we have.. in
place. Nothing else.

### Director-at-Large Reports {#director_at_large_reports}

#### [Shawn Nock](User:Nocko) (unable to attend) {#shawn_nock_unable_to_attend}

:   More (hypothetical) Free stuff:
    -   5x Neurosky MindWave Single-channel EEG headsets
    -   Nordic Semiconductor Eval kit for Cortex-M0/BLE SoC

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```

:   On-going projects:
    -   I am working with a local firm, Trimech, to get a few
        educational licences for Solidworks and see if there are any
        other collaboration oportunities.
    -   A local biotech startup, [http://imagnus.org/ Imagus
        Biomedical](http://imagnus.org/_Imagus_Biomedical),
        is interested in outsourcing some R&D work on an IV infusion
        pump to the space in exchange for royalties on sales of the
        product. The company seems pretty flexible with licensing.
        Possible long-term revenue source for the space. Looking for
        project coordinator. Details available, will send recruitment
        email to blabber with further info.
    -   GrindDC is more active than ever. Current projects:
        [http://mirage335.dyndns.org/wiki/Mirage335BiosignalAmp
        Biosignal
        amp](http://mirage335.dyndns.org/wiki/Mirage335BiosignalAmp_Biosignal_amp),[http://github.com/nocko/northstar
        Northstar](http://github.com/nocko/northstar_Northstar),
        [https://code.google.com/p/heledd/source/browse/#svn%2Ftrunk%2Fhardware
        HELEDD](https://code.google.com/p/heledd/source/browse/#svn%2Ftrunk%2Fhardware_HELEDD)
        (Pittsburgh Collaboration / Implant), building a northpaw
        implementation, iOS software for MindWave EEG headsets,
        electrophysiology work in labs at Georgetown (and hopefully
        soon) Howard U., EEG video game from hacked
        [http://www.amazon.com/Star-Wars-Science-Force-Trainer/dp/B001UZHASY
        Star Wars Science - Force
        Trainer](http://www.amazon.com/Star-Wars-Science-Force-Trainer/dp/B001UZHASY_Star_Wars_Science_-_Force_Trainer)
        game, and much more.

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```

:   Upcoming Events:
    -   Neurosky MindWave EEG Hack-a-thon. GrindDC (Biohacker Night @
        HacDC); May 30th, 7p. The company is sending us 5 units to hack
        on. Come learn and get some hands on time with these consumer
        BCI products. Planned projects include: 2 games (one
        multiplayer), some data visualization, and a detailed hardware
        tear-down including discovering the sensitivity limits of the
        device.

## [Project Awesome](:Category:Project_Awesome) Reports {#project_awesome_reports}

### Project LASER {#project_laser}

Looked at options, made specification call. Upgrading the source, cost a
few hundred more but lifetime is 5x. Exploring safety concerns... air
handling, etc. Also it will have a method to keep both the lens and the
target area relatively clear of debris and smoke.

### Project BYZANTIUM {#project_byzantium}

Second milestone reached; support for Apple products. (!) Mini-field
days coming up. Interested parties please come and play.

### Project KITBUILD {#project_kitbuild}

No report.

### Project SUPPLIES {#project_supplies}

Mirage defers to notes below.

#### Special Thanks {#special_thanks}

**Major credits to Julia Longtin** (aka. juri) for advice and speedy
replacement parts on multiple occasions. Prusa Mendel would not be
operational without that assistance. In particular, replacement
makergear hot end was provided within a single day.

#### 3D Printers {#d_printers}

##### Prusa Mendel Repairs {#prusa_mendel_repairs}

Multiple disabling failures occurred in quick succession, partly
provoked by high room temperature. Repairs factored in more robust
replacements, and preemptively addressed future problems. Details at the
[operators
log](http://wiki.hacdc.org/index.php/PrusaMendel_Operators_Log).

##### Cupcake Makerbot {#cupcake_makerbot}

Since the motor driving board was removed, this machine is merely taking
up space. A representative from a Pittsburg hackerspace is willing to
donate \$100 for it. Alternatives include return to original owner, or
crating it.

#### Outlook

Printer uptime and costs 50% split between maintenance and production.
More robust printer may be needed. Also, [FlexReplicator based on
OpenRail](http://db.tt/y3cyc8TJ) is in development, and may become
available to HacDC.

#### Costs

About \$80 in receipts are planned for submission to the supplies fund.
M3/M4 hardware, LM8UU bearings, PLA plastic. My (mirage335's) own costs
are about \$70 higher, plus time spent.

### Project SPACECAM {#project_spacecam}

No report.

## Member Reports {#member_reports}

### mirage335

Occupancy sensor hardware continues transmitting data reliably.

-   Dan

6kw tranformer still here, 25kv 1uF cap and another high voltage
transformer are available. 4x5 foot optical table (1 inch holes)
available, but it weighs maybe 800 pounds.

## Old Business {#old_business}

## New Business {#new_business}

-   [Privacy_Policy](Privacy_Policy) is put forward for
    member vote as officially adopted policy. Notification was sent to
    members on 04May2013.
    -   In the week since announcing this was up for vote, there has
        been a lot of discussion and probably not enough agreement to
        actually vote on it.
-   [Licensing Policy](Licensing_Policy) is put forward for
    member vote as officially adopted policy. Notification was also sent
    to members on 04May2013.
-   Vote to approve "Article II: Membership" and "Article III:
    Expenditures and Reimbursements" from the [Proposed Standing
    Rules](Proposed_Standing_Rules).
-   [Shop Rules](Shop_Rules) is put forward for member vote.
    Such rules as these are pointed to in Article VI in [Proposed
    Standing Rules](Proposed_Standing_Rules).

## New Members {#new_members}

-   Alex - attends Thursdays meets. EEG, wants to join. -nominated and
    voted in.
-   Julia - 3DP - nominated and voted in.

## Adjournment

Adjourned at 2057.

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
