`{{TOCright}}`{=mediawiki}

## Time and Location {#time_and_location}

:   Date
:   Called to order at 8:11 pm by Julia
:   Members present: Tom, Julia, James, Ken, Enrique, Nic
:   Members remote: mirage335
:   Others present: Bobby, Sanjay, Erin, Evan
:   [Quorum](Quorum)

    :   Quorum met? yes

## Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes {#approval_of_previous_meetings_minutes}

<http://wiki.hacdc.org/index.php/Regular_Member_Meeting_2017_09_12>

## Recognition

Tom rigged up a new Occupancy Sensor, so now people can check on our
website if the space is open or closed. More specifically it shows if
the room lights are on or have been turned off for a few minutes
already. He also set up a new classroom display computer currently on
the windowsill. It has a VNC server, the login is hacdc/hacdc and you
can do remote desktop presentations, etc. And removed the trunking VLAN
switch and blah blah blah...

## New Members {#new_members}

Bobby voted in as honorary member by vote 6-0-1. Sanjay voted in as a
Fee-Waived Voting member by voice vote.

## Old Business {#old_business}

We need a new Treasurer. **There were no nominations for Treasurer.
Julia took over as Acting Treasurer in addition to President.**

We need a new Secretary. **Nic S. was voted as Secretary unopposed.**

Enrique - I would like HacDC to purchase from me whatever HacDC t-shirts
remain in the box. I spent about \$200 initially, sold about half of
them and gave a couple away to longtime guests (Bobby, Nancy, etc) -
APPROVED unaniously.

Enrique - I propose allocating up to \$250 per month to rent a nearby
storage unit (eg CubeSmart 10x12 \$165/mo) to expedite cleanup of the
basement back room and its conversion to habitable workshop space. We
are currently paying for this by foregoing the workshop space and I want
to put a number to that monthly cost and thereby motivate acceleration
of the Outgoing/Trash process. We have \$9k in general-purpose reserves
but are breaking-even month-to-month. - proposal TABLED.

Enrique - We need a liability waiver for kids that specifies that
parents are responsible for supervision. - no action.

## New Business {#new_business}

## [Project Awesome](:Category:Project_Awesome) Reports {#project_awesome_reports}

### Project SUPPLIES - Mirage {#project_supplies___mirage}

### Project EXPANSION - Mirage {#project_expansion___mirage}

### Project HAMRADIO - Jeff {#project_hamradio___jeff}

### Project Electron Microscope (SEM) - Enrique {#project_electron_microscope_sem___enrique}

Nothing new to report; we need to inspect the electronics, particularly
the high voltage (15kV) power supplies for debris that may have fallen
into them and then turn the thing on and see what the pressure does.
This is not scheduled.

### Project Optical Table Robot (OTR) - Julia {#project_optical_table_robot_otr___julia}

### Project CRISPR - Enrique {#project_crispr___enrique}

I wrote the vendor of the DIY CRISPR Kit and they seem receptive to
sending us free new reagents and ingredients but didn't offer any advice
on what may be going wrong. I would suggest we do the process as soon as
we receive new, fresh ingredients so degradation in the fridge may not
be an issue. This is not scheduled; we haven't asked for the new
ingredients.

### Project SpaceBlimp - Enrique {#project_spaceblimp___enrique}

I purchased and received a new GPS-APRS tracker, a TrackSoar
Ready-To-Fly. Setup seems easy but I haven't attempted it. Sam has his
amateur radio license now so we can use his callsign or HacDC's. The
helium is pretty easy to get same-week maybe even next-day and the
cylinder rental fees are twice what I thought (are \$30/mo) so I will be
taking back the (4' tall, heavy, cumbersome steel) cylinder until SB7 is
closer to a launch date. I think we're also lacking payload ideas
besides cameras.

### Project Media Outreach - Matt {#project_media_outreach___matt}

### Project IT Infrastructure - Tom {#project_it_infrastructure___tom}

## Member Reports {#member_reports}

## Director Reports (Governance related stuff) {#director_reports_governance_related_stuff}

### President's Report {#presidents_report}

### Vice President's Report {#vice_presidents_report}

### Treasurer's Report {#treasurers_report}

This is my last report as Treasurer.

I changed the PayPal buttons on the website so new membership
subscriptions are fixed \$60/mo rather than "up to \$100." It's less
confusing for new members and easier on the Treasurer not to have to
type in "60.00" every month for every member. If you're paying through
PayPal I think the new treasurer would appreciate if you switch to the
fixed monthly subscription.

Nothing unusual for September. We're breaking even with roughly \$1200
in revenue and \$1200 in expenses. We have \$9,067 in general-purpose
reserves, \$4,414 in funds earmarked for projects and incidentally about
\$890 worth of bitcoin on Coinbase (old donations and one guy who paid
dues in bitcoin long ago). Financial report for September and the
Project Awesome earmarks balances sheets are linked below.

[Media:HacDC_2017-9_Report.pdf](Media:HacDC_2017-9_Report.pdf)

[Media:HacDC_2017-9_Projects.pdf](Media:HacDC_2017-9_Projects.pdf)

### Secretary's Report {#secretarys_report}

### Director-at-Large Reports {#director_at_large_reports}

#### Kevin

#### Matt

## Adjournment

Adjourned by at 9:10 by Julia

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
