`{{TOCright}}`{=mediawiki}

## Time and Location {#time_and_location}

:   Date April 12th, 2016
:   Called to order at 8:10 pm by tom
:   Members present: Tom Enrique Julia Xavier Don Bobby
:   Members remote: mchelen, ubuntourist
:   Others present: Susan
:   [Quorum](Quorum)

    :   Quorum met? yes

## Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes {#approval_of_previous_meetings_minutes}

Approved

## Recognition

## Director Reports {#director_reports}

### President's Report {#presidents_report}

### Vice President's Report {#vice_presidents_report}

### Treasurer's Report {#treasurers_report}

-   Income exceeded expenses by about \$400, but discretionary project
    spending put us \$350 in the red for March overall.
-   Expansion funded a cellular modem to enable remote reset of our IT
    infrastructure.
-   OTR purchased some parts like microcontrollers and extruders.
-   OTR also purchased a cheap laser cutter (everything except the laser
    tube is now Julia's, she paid HacDC the \$100 difference).
-   Rent increased from 977 to 993 per month starting February.
-   Most of our cash is now earmarked for projects (\$6400), so we'll
    build up reserves(\$4400) again before doing another PA dividend.
-   We received a letter from CFC identifying \$150 of donations so far
    (not including the DC region), but expect the cash in April. We
    weren't able to take advantage of some CFC promotional opportunities
    last year and I hope this year will be better.
-   I set up a Square Reader account so we can now take credit card
    payments. (thanks for the reader, Bobby!)
-   The board approved a Memorandum of Understanding with HSTS to have
    IT training classes at HacDC during regular business hours for the
    next four months. We can go over the details.
-   On a broader note, although we're OK financially now thanks to the
    cheaper rent, HacDC's membership is still about half what it was
    several years ago. We are over-reliant on Julia. Please help out
    with classes and workshops, teach what you know, or just put
    together meetings on topics that interest you. The schedule is
    pretty open. More events, more donations and more members would
    generally be good.

[Media:http://wiki.hacdc.org/index.php/File:2016-April-Report.pdf](Media:http://wiki.hacdc.org/index.php/File:2016-April-Report.pdf)

### Secretary's Report {#secretarys_report}

Hi, I'm back from India. I announced the outgoing pile two weeks ago and
it's there for perusal tonight if anyone wants to have a look at it
before we send it off.

There are some outstanding issues about our standing rules that need to
be addressed; I don't see a recorded vote on Article V (Materiel); and
there have been a couple of votes to redefine quorum in the standing
rules, but quorum is defined in the bylaws. Article IV (regarding
meetings) is also lacking recorded votes for several sections. We can
vote on approval of the rules as written unless people want time to read
them and come with any suggestions.

Nobody wrote me any comments on my changes to the document, so I'm not
sure if everybody thought it was fine or if nobody read it or some read
it and had no issues, while others did not read it.

Looking over the Wiki it often appears out of date; I'd like to bring it
up to date and others are welcome to put their effort into doing that as
well, especially if they're familiar with the out of date projects and
can provide some historical context for the wiki.

That's all I've had the time to address this month.

### Director-at-Large Reports {#director_at_large_reports}

#### Mike

#### Matt - aka. mirage335 {#matt___aka._mirage335}

For the year, we have had no major incidents on account of HacDC or its
members. Things are generally running smoothly. Work is getting done.
Equipment is going back online. This year is actually off to a great
start. Amazing!

Regarding USASEF, looks like we **will** have one to three people from
Makersmiths participating with us. Between both spaces, there could be
as many as six participants, maybe more. Propoganda needs to be
prearranged.

TazMega and/or TazStiff are likely to make an appearance at USASEF.
These extremely capable machines are forerunners to HacDC's
next-generation CNC machines.

Have funds to personally buy and donate one array of four 6TB WD Green
WD60EZRX disks. WD Green disks have unusually high wear/lifecycle
ratings when 'intellipark' frequency is reduced. Each such array can
provide \>10TB RAID6 storage and \>1TB SSD-like RAID0 storage,
upgradeable to include \>20TB RAID6. Planning to use this to provide
exceptionally robust on-site Shell/VPS/NAS services, available at least
to members as well as for purposes relevant to the space (eg. backup). A
thorough explanation as to why this deployment is needed and appropriate
would be rather long to include here. Please consult with senior members
of the admin team for technical details, justifications, and commentary.

## [Project Awesome](:Category:Project_Awesome) Reports {#project_awesome_reports}

### Project SUPPLIES {#project_supplies}

Bought a cellular modem shield for a RasPi, this should provide backup
telecommand/reboot of core IT infrastructure.

### Project EXPANSION {#project_expansion}

Also, Ethan is evaluating Julia Longtin's proposed computer platform for
HacDC use.

### Project HAMRADIO {#project_hamradio}

For the Ham Radio club, we have started our YouTube video series on
amateur radio topics. We are planning our participation in the DC MS
walk this month. We have guest speakers at our club meeting. Our
repeater is up and functional as well, and our remote access to our
radio station is working out well.

### Project Electron Microscope (SEM) {#project_electron_microscope_sem}

### Project Optical Table Robot (OTR) {#project_optical_table_robot_otr}

Bought microcontrollers, bought a horrible cheap laser cutter but we
have it.

## Member Reports {#member_reports}

## Old Business {#old_business}

## New Business {#new_business}

## New Members {#new_members}

Susan Meckley's voting membership was approved.

## Adjournment

Adjourned by Tom at 0925

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
