`{{TOCright}}`{=mediawiki}

## Time and Location

:   Date 2024-05-14 7:46PM
:   Members present:
:   Members remote: Obi, Liz, Chris, Gabe, Sven
:   Others present: Brock, Tony, Deb, Maddie
:   [Quorum](Quorum)

    :   Yes

## [Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes](Regular_Member_Meeting_2024_05_14)

Obi Moves to approve, and Liz seconded

## Recognition

Chris for Google Workspace "spring cleaning" Shoutout Liz for getting
Sven into radios, Sven got his Callsign!!! Shoutout to Obi for signing a
supporting letter for the church (for the grant for the boiler)

## New Members

Brock - Approved! Maddie - Approved!

## Old Business

Policy in place for using dangerous equipment:

-   Possibly assign a person to each piece of equipment to approve
-   Restrict to members
    -   Restricting members for this meeting and requiring a release
        form, Obi will draft up a policy for approval and a release form
        for the future.

Make Open Project Night more visitor-friendly

-   Add some structure
-   Make sure people feel welcome, nametags, introducing ourselves
-   Make sure there are two people in the space (Going to be Christopher
    and Liz, Sven when possible)

Update Bylaws for Membership to clarify requirements for other
membership tiers

-   Qualifying Life Events that can cause monetary hardship.
-   Revisiting next month

The parking lot will be inaccessible sometime this year due to
construction in the neighboring lot (The church is unsure of dates,
should let us know when \`\`they\`\` are updated)

TLDR: Comcast pricing sucks - Gabriel reached out to check pricing, no
discounts for nonprofits, business line only. We will look into
[1](https://www.astound.com/business/smb/Astound), highly recommended by
Chris and Kyle

## New Business

DC Tool Library - Searching for a fiscal sponsor

-   Looking for a nonprofit to sponsor (basically just looking for
    another organization to extend their 501c3 benefits, such as
    collecting donations)
-   Open Collective's fiscal sponsor organization is closing, so DC Tool
    Library has until the end of September (end of July due date)
-   Gabriel doesn't expect a large increase in work (would still need to
    look more into it)
-   Obi and Chris think this would be a good idea to at least look into
    more
-   Will try to make a breakout group to go over thoughts, learn more

Discord changes

-   Add rules/harassment policy on joining the server

Update BoD Email on the website - Specify what goes to the BoD Email and
what goes to Discord

Potential Venmo account - Looking for a way to allow small donations
outside of PayPal

-   Would require a phone number to be attached to the account

Renewal of hotspot - Mobile Citizen

-   Renewal deadline has passed, out of service currently
-   Currently on church's internet, but would be super useful in case of
    outages

Discuss HAM Club HacDC Relationship

-   Hosting event on 18th to make exams
-   HAM club doesn't help pay the lease, and charges for remote access
-   Would like some more keys, said someone would be around on Monday to
    talk about this, but nobody stopped by

DMV Petry Dish

-   Looking for HacDC to send a letter to vouch for them

The church looking for a grant to fix the boiler

-   Reached out to ask for a signature on a supporting letter for a
    grant

Will be tucking kitchen equipment into the hallway near the

Resin 3D Printer/Health Hazards

-   Make sure to put a sign or something stating it is dangerous and not
    to be used unless approved
    -   Could be adding a label or a sticker to the item along with
        putting a warning on the front door with the different sticker
        meanings

## Adjournment

Adjourned by Obi, Seconded by Chris

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
