## Time and Location

March 13, 2012

Meeting called to order at \_8:00\_ by: \_Brad\_

Members Present: Brad, Martin, Tim S, Dan B, Greg, Ben P, Phil, Chris,
Tim R, Todd F, Elizabeth, Adam, Nick S, Eric

Others Present:

[Quorum](Quorum) met? yes

## Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes

[Annual
Meeting](http://wiki.hacdc.org/index.php/Annual_Meeting_2012%7C2012)
approved

## Director Reports

### President's Report

Organizing classes. Continuing outreach and external affairs.

### Vice President's Report

More outreach. Attended Broadband Bridge technology fair. Handed out
stickers and flyers and met a bunch of people.

### Treasurer's Report

Here is the financial summary spreadsheet for Feb 2012:
![](HacDC_Financials_Feb_2012.pdf "HacDC_Financials_Feb_2012.pdf")

We added Justin Meyers as a member and had two non-paying members. We
lost Erik Barry due to 3 months of non-payment (and no response to
emails), and Elliot Williams finally went to honorary member status
after moving to Germany months ago.

Despite the reduction in member dues and donations we finished February
\~\$400 ahead. We have about 4 months of reserve at our current level of
expenses, but some of that will be spent on goodies.

### Secretary's Report

Migrated website from Drupal to Wordpress (Thanks Alberto!). Please
contact admin team for access to post new content! (remember to use
categories and multimedia is a plus) Also looking for project write-ups
to add to Projects page. Feedback is always welcome.

### Director-at-Large Reports

#### Martin

Free junk table outside is for a very limited time only. Will be
e-recycling soon. Need to update wiki with desired donations and rules
surrounding donations to cut down on junk accumulation.

Robot Fest is April 14th in Lithicum, MD. Good outreach opportunity.
Need to respond to Gary soon. Science and Technology Festival at end of
month as well.

#### Nick

[DC Library Lab](http://wikidc.org/wiki/Library_Lab) looking for
collaboration

-   scanning automation
-   Wikimedia accessibility hacking
-   Open Street Map
-   leading classes

## Member Reports

**Brad** Went to New America Foundation and talked about space capsules,
and all kinds of hackish things. Attracted a lot of attention and
potential visitors/members. Met 3D printing policy wonk and arranged a
meetup this summer. Brad has started a new project to hack the AR Drone
and replace internals with arduino and open source components.

**Eric**

-   Found free office chairs [http://i40.tinypic.com/20ap3k7.jpg
    pic](http://i40.tinypic.com/20ap3k7.jpg_pic) for
    classroom (mostly confirmed). Looking for new tables and shelves to
    better organize classroom and kitchen space.

**haxwithaxe**

-   free "big sheets of paper" (aka posters with good quality blank
    backs). just leave 2-3 for haxwithaxe.
-   DIY godd (US passport like) quality Hackerspace Passports
    ([DIYHackerSpacePassport](DIYHackerSpacePassport)). I
    have very nice paper and vinyl cover material, and probably way more
    than I will use.

**Phil** Possible outreach opportunity with digital humanities
conference at GMU June 15th and 16th. Interest in 3D printing and
production process feeding into it.

**Dan** Micro-mill is pretty much a go. Surface is level so circuit
boards can be done again. Brief tutorial required before use for
newbies. Idea to create a CNC/3D stamp for passports.

**Rich** School program to send payloads to space. Need folks to support
schools for engineering payload projects and mentor students. Eg
Georgetown Day needs people to consult. NASA spending \$30k to send each
project into space. Eager to pair people up with DC schools. Looking to
give a talk and overview of projects. [http://Nanoracks.com
Nanoracks.com](http://Nanoracks.com_Nanoracks.com) for more
info. Vendors donating boards, etc.

**Ben** Unallocated Space in Severn,MD is having a LAN party on March
24th and BBQ during the day. Burgers and video games. Come on by!

## Old Business

## New Business

### Passed

Should we look into getting a Clear modem to improve Internet access
inside the space? (Tim) \$50/month plus \$20 for refurb modem. Up to
6Mb/1Mb but concerns about caps and throttling. Cancelling Linode will
save \$37/mo that could go to this.

-   13 for, 1 opposed

(Tim) Should we allocate money to purchase a camcorder, mic, and
accessories for recording classes and events? I think we should have
everything on hand and make it as easy as possible to record stuff (with
everyone's permission of course) and post it to YouTube (or whatever).
Entry-level camcorder is \$150-200 (would want one with a mic input),
mic is \$50, tripod is \$30, memory card is \$20, so total is \$250-300.
We would keep it locked up and give presenters the combo so it wouldn't
be easily stolen.

-   unanimously approved

(Tim) I'd also like to get business cards for the officers/directors
that want them. I'm not fussy, VistaPrint black & white with HacDC logo
is fine - \$10 for 250(?). Once we have template, making cards for new
people will be easy.

-   13 for, 1 opposed

## New Members

## Adjournment

Adjourned at: 20:52

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
