## Time and Location {#time_and_location}

May 8, 2012

Meeting called to order at 7:46pm by:

Members Present: Brad Jon Eric Phil Ben Martin Katie Liz Allie Richard
Dan Jamie Lee Nick Ruben!

Others Present: Rob Matthew

[Quorum](Quorum) met? yes

## Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes {#approval_of_previous_meetings_minutes}

[Regular Member Meeting 2012 04
10](Regular_Member_Meeting_2012_04_10) \*Approved\*

## Director Reports {#director_reports}

### President's Report {#presidents_report}

Starting teaching classes for Washington Project for the Arts at
Artisphere. Knowledge Commons DC has approached to teach a class on
programming. Cross-listing course with KDC and HacDC. Also teaching a
wommyns programming class. More info when the time comes.

### Vice President's Report {#vice_presidents_report}

Byzantium presenting next weekend at CarolinaCon in Raleigh, NC and at
HOPE NYC. If interested in presenting cool stuff at HOPE contact Ben.

### Treasurer's Report {#treasurers_report}

Here is the financial summary spreadsheet for April 2012:
![](HacDC_Financials_Apr_2012.pdf "HacDC_Financials_Apr_2012.pdf")

We now have 62 paying members and quorum is 15.

The Church didn't deposit our rent check for April (why TBD), but
ignoring that we had an \$800 surplus in April. This includes a one-time
cash donation of \$200 for microcontroller boards that were purchased
with HacDC funds some time ago.

A tripod for the video recording setup approved two months ago was
purchased.

### Secretary's Report {#secretarys_report}

Will be working on a spreadsheet of member contact info. Expect an email
in the near future requesting this info for internal HacDC google doc.

### Director-at-Large Reports {#director_at_large_reports}

#### Martin

Tomorrow (Wednesday) having meeting of HacDC ARRL Club. Approving bylaws
to gain recognition from ARRL as an associate club.

#### Nick

Nick is doing finals. Wait, Nick is not doing finals. Nothing.

## Member Reports {#member_reports}

### Tim Slagle {#tim_slagle}

I got all the gear I ordered for the event video recording setup. I
talked to Church Brian and the custodian about storing the gear in the
mop closet which is on a different key than the front door - we would
need to make more keys and give them to the presenters as classes
commence. Microphone still needs to be purchased pending tests of our
wireless mic with the camera.

Our booth at the 2012 USA Science & Engineering Festival was a success
and showed off the diverse interests of the HacDC members well, I think.
We gave out almost 1200 Dum Dum lolipops and probably around 100 plotter
portraits ("Mug Plots"). The Doctor was an indefatigable booth relations
machine, doing an awesome job of explaining Byzantium and HacDC in
general to the stream of passers-by. Thanks to everyone who worked the
booth, and especially to Martin, The Doctor, and Shawn "ag4ve" Wilson
for helping with setup and takedown of my gear. Also thanks to Mark
Adams for designing and printing 1500 HacDC postcards that we should be
able to use for many events to come.

### Ben

NPR interviews a few of the Byzantium developers and we have some badass
publicity as a result. Links in the usual places.

### Liz

Will be in the NL in June, learning about Beagleboards and design and
interested in teaching a class with said knowledge upon return.

### Lee

Mention of HacDC on ARRL Facebook page thanks to Nick's help. ARRL
donated license manuals for the effort. Woot. Going to Dayton Hamfest
soon!! Still room in the caravan if interest in joining the
hamfestivities. Come one come all!

### Katie

In the church auditorium Saturday June 9th at 3PM, The RETURN OF HACDC
LIGHTNING TALKS!!! 5 minute speaking opportunities still available. Any
topic that is interesting to you is interesting to us.

### Jamie

Any interest in Dwolla? Will save money!

### Eric

Chairs soon!

### Dan

Trying to move woodworking equipment (saws) to lower level space, to
complement woodshop.

## Old Business {#old_business}

## New Business {#new_business}

## New Members {#new_members}

### Matt

Really interested in radio projects. Working to improve radio equipment
at the space and building hyper-sensitive radio. Nominated by Lee, Phil
seconded. \*\[Approved\]\*

## Adjournment

Adjourned at: 8:44 pm

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
