`{{TOCright}}`{=mediawiki}

## Time and Location {#time_and_location}

:   Date: December 8th, 2020
:   Called to order at 7:40 pm by Karen
:   Members present: (7) Karen, Ken, Luis, Matt, Ken, Tayeb, Kevin
:   Members remote: None
:   Others present: Gabriel Altay
:   [Quorum](Quorum)

    :   Quorum met? Yes

## Approval of [Previous Meeting's Minutes](Regular_Member_Meeting_2020_10_13) {#approval_of_previous_meetings_minutes}

Approved

## Recognition

## New Members {#new_members}

Gabriel Altay -- looking to become a new member, a lot of interaction
with the wikimedia community and could think of projects relating Karen
to add a keycode for Gabriel

## Old Business {#old_business}

-   Tayeb: Keep Meetup updated (members meeting)

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Laptop distribution and acquisition to DCPS (could use some of the
    space in the church for an event if we need) invite people to come
    to us to donate and help -- possibly install Raspberry Pi OS. Reach
    out to Mike -- does he know of any organization that we could
    connect with, who is doing pods? Raspberry Pi 400? Look into this
    for seeing if possible to acquire -- Action item email for Mike to
    be written by Tayeb

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Tayeb: Adding software synthesizer meetup in mid-December

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   John: Time of year to talk to Mike about the future years rent
    situation -- should we reach out to Mike or wait for him to reach
    out to us?

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Ken: We should capitalize on the outreach efforts we have made --
    reach out to Dorothy at the Nation of Makers, Ken to send email to
    reach out

Karen to follow up this month -- send email to Dorothy after we discuss
a plan internally Discussion to first run an internal robotics
course/Python course weekly at HacDC and then follow up with NoM after a
trial run Gabriel discusses virtual environments for understanding
robotics -- gives you the state of the environment:
<https://gym.openai.com/envs/#mujoco> Action item: Ken, Kevin, Tayeb to
meet in the month of December to block out rough plans to enable HacDC
to run robotics classes -- let Obi know as well

-   Kevin: Is there a possibility of making the servers available to
    HacDC members? Tayeb volunteers himself to try initial setup of the
    servers sometime in the month of December! Reach out to Ethan Waldo

Tayeb to follow up this Sunday December 13th to start server set up

## New Business {#new_business}

## [Project Awesome](:Category:Project_Awesome) Reports {#project_awesome_reports}

### Project HAMRADIO - Jeff {#project_hamradio___jeff}

### Project Electron Microscope (SEM) {#project_electron_microscope_sem}

## Member Reports {#member_reports}

## Director Reports (Governance related stuff) {#director_reports_governance_related_stuff}

### President's Report {#presidents_report}

### Vice President's Report {#vice_presidents_report}

### Treasurer's Report {#treasurers_report}

Financial Report: Current Balance -- \$5636 We currently have 16 paying
members, \$870 from dues and an additional \$370 from donations. Rent is
\$732 for September, total expenses are \$793

HacDC Amateur Radio Club to itemize the costs of their equipment to add
to the insurance, John has taken first steps -- Matt: Someone from the
Ham Radio Club to talk to him so that the insurance can be updated Karen
to send Matt the email of a member who may be falling off the membership
rolls

### Secretary's Report {#secretarys_report}

### Director-at-Large Reports {#director_at_large_reports}

## Adjournment

Adjourned by at 20:38 by Karen

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
