`{{TOCright}}`{=mediawiki}

## Time and Location {#time_and_location}

:   Date: September 8th, 2020
:   Called to order at 7:35 pm by Karen
:   Members present: (7) Karen, Ken, Obioma, John, Matt, Ken, Brian
:   Members remote: None
:   Others present:
:   [Quorum](Quorum)

    :   Quorum met? Yes

## Approval of [Previous Meeting's Minutes](Regular_Member_Meeting_2020_08_18) {#approval_of_previous_meetings_minutes}

Approved

## Recognition

John Pancoast for facilitating the lock change and interfacing with Mike

Don Jones for acquiring the new lock for HacDC

## New Members {#new_members}

No new members

## Old Business {#old_business}

-   Tayeb: Successful HacDC Software Defined Radio meetup! Going to
    continue on September 23rd, this time by posting ahead of time all
    of the GNURadio flowgraphs

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   We have not heard anything new from the District Makers, and are not
    sure if they are still active in any way. There is potential for
    setting up a shop in the basement in collaboration with them (maybe
    give them control). Eugene sent email, Tayeb sent back email
    offering dates for zoom call (Tue, Wed, Thur first week of
    September) but heard no response. After calling, we are now planning
    on meeting with Eugene September 22nd at 6pm

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Brian: Looked to fix network issues to allow full remote operation
    of Ham Radio station. Will need to interface with the IT person from
    St Stephens. Ethan Waldo volunteered to help fix this, Don and Mike
    were able to work to fix this so it should work now

## New Business {#new_business}

-   Karen and John to meet and install the new HacDC door lock, and then
    email the membership with the new information to access the space

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Brian and John: Possibility of charging for remote use of the Ham
    Radio Station for non-members. A significant amount of work needed
    on the roof of HacDC that has a non-zero cost. To ponder for a
    month: where should the revenue go? To HacDC directly, the Ham Radio
    Club (a separate 501c3) or a mixture of both?

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Kevin: Is there a possibility of making the servers available to
    HacDC members? Tayeb volunteers himself to try initial setup of the
    servers

## [Project Awesome](:Category:Project_Awesome) Reports {#project_awesome_reports}

### Project HAMRADIO - Jeff {#project_hamradio___jeff}

### Project Electron Microscope (SEM) {#project_electron_microscope_sem}

## Member Reports {#member_reports}

## Director Reports (Governance related stuff) {#director_reports_governance_related_stuff}

### President's Report {#presidents_report}

### Vice President's Report {#vice_presidents_report}

### Treasurer's Report {#treasurers_report}

Financial Report: Current Balance -- \$4036 We currently have 17 paying
members, \$930 from dues and an additional \$390 from donations. Rent is
\$732 for September, total expenses are \$793

Lost one member at the \$20 level, Gyroscope Films.

Insurance information: Medical Expenses: \$5000 Each Occurence:
\$500,000 General Aggregate: \$1,000,000 Business Property: \$3900
Products: \$1,000,000

HacDC Amateur Radio Club to itemize the costs of their equipment to add
to the insurance.

### Secretary's Report {#secretarys_report}

### Director-at-Large Reports {#director_at_large_reports}

## Adjournment

Adjourned by at 20:38 by Karen

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
