`{{TOCright}}`{=mediawiki}

## Time and Location {#time_and_location}

:   Date
:   Called to order at 8:00 pm by Julia Longtin
:   Members present: kevin cole, enrique, james, ken, bobby
:   Members remote: none
:   Others present: nancy
:   [Quorum](Quorum)

    :   Quorum met? No

## Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes {#approval_of_previous_meetings_minutes}

## Recognition

ken, for getting us in contact with the city.

## New Members {#new_members}

## Old Business {#old_business}

remind nancy about disclaimer.

## New Business {#new_business}

## [Project Awesome](:Category:Project_Awesome) Reports {#project_awesome_reports}

### Project SUPPLIES - Mirage {#project_supplies___mirage}

### Project EXPANSION - Mirage {#project_expansion___mirage}

### Project HAMRADIO - Jeff {#project_hamradio___jeff}

### Project Electron Microscope (SEM) - Julia {#project_electron_microscope_sem___julia}

4.7 torr. rebuilding the imaging board. re-greased and re-installed a
seal. python serial is almost working. scanned all the docs except the
PCB.

### Project Optical Table Robot (OTR) -Julia {#project_optical_table_robot_otr__julia}

### Project CRISPR -Enrique {#project_crispr__enrique}

Nothing to report. We have not gotten back to The ODIN's offer to send
free new supplies.

### Project SpaceBlimp -Enrique {#project_spaceblimp__enrique}

We motivated the Rockville Makerspace to have Spaceblimp meetings with
us. We've had two meetings (Nancy, Sam). They have licensed radio
operators that are interested.

Report back from meetings with Rockville Maker Space Report back from
attendance - MUD - Balloon Launch program - Saturday Nov 11 Future Steps
regarding, networking and collaboration By Nancy C. Wolfson

I tried but I keep forgetting how to edit the Wiki... Thanks in advanced
Hug, see you tonight Nancy

I inquired about purchasing the gas cylinder rather than renting it at
\$30/mo. No response so far and the rental fees are racking up. I
haven't had a chance to go back up to Hyattsville with the cylinder to
return it after the aborted launch in August. I'd rather donate the
rental cost for now but will try to return and ask about purchasing it
in person. (Enrique)

### Project Media Outreach - Matt {#project_media_outreach___matt}

This project is orphaned as Matt does not want to lead it. Nic may be
taking this over.

### Project IT Infrastructure - Tom {#project_it_infrastructure___tom}

## Member Reports {#member_reports}

-   Ken has invited Marvin Gay, Community Outreach Coordinator, for
    **Safer, Stronger DC** (Office of Neighborhood Saftey and
    Engagement, Executive Office of the Mayor) to visit the space on
    November 21 at 1:00 PM, and Mr. Gay has accepted. [Dorothy
    Jones-Davis](https://nationofmakers.us/about/staff/), the Executive
    Director for **[Nation of Makers](https://nationofmakers.us/)** is
    also invited and attending.
-   Ubuntourist attended a **[Community Makerspace
    Day](https://www.eventbrite.com/e/community-makerspace-day-tickets-39168856103#)**
    to shill for HacDC. The crowd was a bit young, but the woman who was
    the ringmaster, **[Shaia
    Belt](http://attconline.weebly.com/about.html)**, appears interested
    in learning from us.
-   [VolkswagenFeature](https://github.com/volkswagenfeature) and
    [Ubuntourist](https://github.com/kjcole) are now able to read the
    SEM [MKS Instruments 925 Micro Piraniâ„¢ Vacuum
    Transducer](https://www.mksinst.com/product/Product.aspx?ProductID=648)
    via multiple serial communications programs (e.g.
    [Minicom](https://alioth.debian.org/projects/minicom/),
    [Miniterm](http://pyserial.readthedocs.io/en/latest/tools.html#module-serial.tools.miniterm)),
    one of which is part of the [Python
    serial](http://pyserial.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) package, which
    should serve as a guide for how to write custom Python code to
    monitor the SEM.

## Director Reports (Governance related stuff) {#director_reports_governance_related_stuff}

### President's Report {#presidents_report}

### Vice President's Report {#vice_presidents_report}

### Treasurer's Report {#treasurers_report}

### Secretary's Report {#secretarys_report}

### Director-at-Large Reports {#director_at_large_reports}

#### Kevin

#### Matt

## Adjournment

Adjourned by at julia by 9:02

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
