```{=mediawiki}
{{Floating TOC}}
```
## Time & Location

October 21, 2008\
Members Present: [Nick Farr](User:Nickfarr), Matt, Elliot,
Jonathan, [Katie](User:katie), [David
Lotts](User:DLotts), Martin, Derek,
[Rodney](User:Rdegraci), Member 29,
[Peter](User:Griph), Richard,
[Timball](User:Timball), [Ben](User:Ben)\
Others Present: Anonymous Prospective Member, Jess, Alli, Prospective
Member Dave\
[Quorum](Quorum): ?\
19:50ish to 20:54\
HacDC, 1525 Newton St NW, Washington, DC. (Space)\
Presiding: [Nick Farr](User:Nickfarr)\

## The Consent Agenda

[Nick](User:Nickfarr) proposes making the first Tuesday of
the month the "important one" for voting and otherwise transacting
business.

Member 29 suggests an overhaul of the bylaws with an eye toward
[quorum](quorum) "gotchas".

Anonymous Prospective Member was approved and will be referred to as
Anonymous New Member for the remainder of these minutes.

There are more prospective members. Elliot volunteers to sponsor Lorne
as a new member. Approved: Lorne as new member.

[Andrew](User:Q) is resigning as [Coordinator in
Chief](Coordinator_in_Chief). He will continue to serve until
a replacement is elected. We'll target the Nov. 11 meeting for an
election for a replacement. [Nick](User:Nickfarr) suggests
Elliot as a replacement, and Elliot is willing.

[Nick](User:Nickfarr) proposes discretion for the board to
add prospective members to the members mailing list (provided they've
paid dues) prior to their official approval as a new member. This seems
to be approved by consent.

[Nick](User:Nickfarr) proposes dividing the members mailing
list into a low-traffic announcement list (to be newly created, members
required to subscribe) and a noisier "blabber" list (based on the
current members list, subscription optional). Derek expresses concern
that people have different ideas about what constitutes an issue
important enough to be discussed on the announcement list. Where do we
draw the line? [Nick](User:Nickfarr) suggests that at the
point where an issue becomes a motion that can be voted on, it goes to
the announcement list. [Rodney](User:Rdegraci) suggests that
as the [quorum](quorum) is decreased, policy discussions over
e-mail will become more important. Derek proposes using a forum to allow
members to easily ignore "blabbery" discussions.
[Nick](User:Nickfarr) says people have been clamoring for a
noisy "blabber" list. He proposes the additional creation of a HacDC
public anything-goes list (which could be tied in to a forum system) and
a public announcement list. There was some discussion of potential names
for the public mailing lists.

Derek suggests many new issues have been brought up at this meeting and
that they should preferentially be brought up on the members mailing
list first, for discussion and thought.

The overwhelming majority of members approve of the proposal to
structure the mailing lists with an announcement list and a blabber
list.

The Door: [Nick](User:Nickfarr) suggests it has become a
problem. He proposes creating a night to get together and work on IT
infrastructure relating to the space and the church. The idea would be
unify the entry system so that one card lets you into the church and
into the space. [Nick](User:Nickfarr) says the church wants
this.

[Pete](User:Griph) points out that the lease is up in January
and this may be a good time to be researching other potential spaces.
[Nick](User:Nickfarr) encourages members to look for
potential spaces and share on the members list. He inquired with the
church coordinator about leasing additional space from the church.
[Pete](User:Griph) questions whether we need more space.

[Nick](User:Nickfarr) says the lynchpin of getting
expeditiously approved as a 501(c)3 organization is to establish that
we're doing public good. The [Columbia Heights
Wireless](Columbia_Heights_Wireless) Project would be a good
effort toward that end. Each org in the church now pays for its own
bandwidth. The goal would be for the church to get bandwidth itself and
provide wireless access to its tenants. This would give us good standing
as a 501(c) and provide us the flexibility to move out while leaving the
wireless infrastructure. It's possible that one of the other church
tenants may want to buy all of the space for lease in the church.
[Nick](User:Nickfarr) will try to get the church coordinator
to a meeting at the November 11 meeting.
[Rodney](User:Rdegraci) suggests that we may need money from
the wireless access users to build the infrastructure; this could
endanger 501(c)3 status. [Nick](User:Nickfarr) suggests
fundraising may be an option when the project gets further down the
road.

Parts Budget. HacDC put up almost \$500 to jumpstart the parts stock.
\$200 of SD cards were sold at Toorcon. The four budgets: Refreshments,
Parts, Member Dues, Donations. This simplification was approved by
consensus. [Nick](User:Nickfarr) notes that people have been,
if anything, overpaying for parts used from the inventory. Derek
expresses concern that the transactions should all be recorded
somewhere. [Nick](User:Nickfarr) says we're tracking money,
even if individual parts may not be tracked; if a pattern of not paying
develops, we could revisit this policy.

[David Lotts](User:DLotts) suggests pasting parts invoice to
wiki; members generally agreed.

Martin put out a call for volunteers to help with Hamfest on Sunday.

Wednesday nights, [Nick](User:Nickfarr) proposes dealing with
stuff by collecting, organizing, and selling on ebay. New Member
suggests broadening the scope to "get your hands dirty day", which could
include cleaning up. Some members propose less frequency, like 1 day per
month. Elliot suggests the time required may be more appropriate for a
weekend rather than a weeknight.

Tuesday nights, [Nick](User:Nickfarr) would like people to
come up with events to hold at 8:30pm in the auditorium to keep the
meeting short, draw people in, and use the auditorium which is reserved
then. Call for people to come up with ideas for events.

Election night party? Next week is a Dorkbot DC meeting, and the one
after that is election night; both of those nights would be less than
ideal for a special event. [Nick](User:Nickfarr) suggests
"moving" Tuesday meetings to Dorkbot when they have a meeting on a
Tuesday evening. This could help in recruiting new members.

Anonymous New Member proposes talking about telephony at several of the
Tuesday meetings. He says he'll consult with another prospective member
who's working on [the phone project](Project_Red_Phone).
[Nick](User:Nickfarr) will see a guy this weekend about
getting phone service for free in the space. Callers can be restricted
so as not to be calling places like Europe.

yard sale at Herndon High School

Martin proposes stripping the CRTs.

[Rodney](User:Rdegraci) asks, people who haven't paid dues,
what about their privileges? [Nick](User:Nickfarr) will catch
up with those people individually to collect keys and revoke any other
privileges.

[David](User:DLotts) suggests lowering dues.
[Nick](User:Nickfarr) suggests postponing this discussion
until the annual meeting in January or February, possibly around
ShmooCon.

Derek requests an idea of the financial situation.
[Nick](User:Nickfarr) says we've got cash to pay rent,
Internet, etc.

[Rodney](User:Rdegraci) requests guidelines as to a
revenue-generating project that's okay (and that would work to allow
lower dues). Discussion will continue over email until we achieve
501(c)3 status. Any income we make must be directly related to our
mission.

Martin asked for a show of hands of members interested in HacDC
acquiring machine tools.

Dave, a prospective member, arrived. Derek sponsors him. No objections.
He's a new member.

[Category:Meeting_Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
