`{{TOCright}}`{=mediawiki}

## Time and Location

:   Date: Tue 09 Aug 2022
:   Called to order at 7:42 pm by Michelle
:   Members present: Michelle, Oby, Kevin, Gabe, Matt, Fernand
:   Members remote:
:   Others present: Carter
:   [Quorum](Quorum)

    :   Quorum met? Yes

## [Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes](Regular_Member_Meeting_2022_07_12)

## Recognition

-   Gabe, for bringing in the Security Summit donation of \$500
-   Michelle, for coordinating / communicating with Security Summit
    folks to smooth over details

## New Members

## Old Business

-   Tayeb has dropped off a parking pass with Gabe
-   Michelle has not heard back regarding her inquiries into mesh
    networking efforts in Baltimore, but the HacDC ham radio people are
    still interested and Michelle hopes to attend the ham radio meeting
    tomorrow to discuss further
    -   Oby was recently visiting Philadelphia and learned of [Iffy
        Books's Mesh Jam](https://iffybooks.net/event/mesh-jam-day-1/),
        a two-day event spread across two weekends: August 13 and August
        20.
-   DreamHost payments are now up-to-date.
-   At Michelle's prompting about setting up a Capture the Flag session,
    Gabe has said he'll be able to set one up for the fall (after
    August)
-   Oby is a bit busy at the moment to host the Machine Learning class,
    based on the Coursera Deep Learning class, but hopes to free up time
    after August.
-   Michelle believes she's fixed the problem with the PayPal logo on
    the main site

## New Business

-   New lease: a 2.5% increase of \$22.50 / month resulting in a new
    rent of \$922.50 (\$990.00 next month as "makeup payments")
    -   Two-year lease
    -   This is much better than pre-COVID rates, but is slowly creeping
        up
    -   New equipment (laser cutter(s), etc.) will require additional
        space. So, remove / move older items from the space, or... ???
        (Matt)
    -   The general consensus is leaning towards staying and rearranging
        rather than trying to move.
    -   5 in favor, 0 opposed. Motion to sign the new lease is
        **APPROVED**
-   Basement: Oby is inquiring about the state of the basement and the
    equipment
    -   The "Obstacle Table" continues to be an obstacle.
    -   Michelle wants to recover the space occupied by the table
    -   Kevin says that getting the optical table up and running again
        would require a massive amount of talent that he does not
        believe we have on hand
    -   Gabe wants to make a 3D model of the basement, taking into
        account the unusual angles and outcroppings. Enthusiastic
        support for this idea ensued.
-   Ulisses Santamaria of the Rockville Science Center Makerspace, is
    doing a field trip of the [DMV Petri
    Dish](https://github.com/DMV-Petri-Dish) Aug 13, from 2:00 until
    5:00 (..."or longer") to the [Baltimore UnderGround Science Space
    (BUGSS)](https://bugssonline.org/) located at [101 N. Haven St.
    #105, Baltimore, MD
    21224](https://www.openstreetmap.org/way/336204256) **Carpooling
    available!**

## [Project Awesome](:Category:Project_Awesome) Reports

### Project SUPPLIES - ???

### Project EXPANSION - ???

### Project HAMRADIO - ???

### Project Electron Microscope (SEM) - ???

### Project Media Outreach - ???

### Project IT Infrastructure - ???

## Member Reports

## Director Reports (Governance related stuff)

### President's Report

### Vice President's Report

### Treasurer's Report

-   The summary is a bit different this month due to new expenses (see
    last month): a variety of filaments (diameters, colors), silica gel
    drying material, airtight containers for filament storage, etc. Plus
    rent.
-   Old PLA filament in the space is in terrible condition. Brittle.
    Unusable. 15 rolls. No knowledge of the state of NijaFlex. How do we
    recycle it? Matt will look into local spaces that might handle
    re-extruding, turning old filament into new.
-   Summaries are archived on the treasurer's Google Drive space.

### Secretary's Report

-   Getting into the space to work on OctoPrint etc, hasn't happened
    yet.
    -   Matt is suggesting several Raspberry Pis attached to each
        printer to do OctoPi. But they're currently hard to find /
        expensive.
    -   Kevin suggests the [Raspberry Pi
        Locator](https://rpilocator.com/) as a possible way to mitigate
        cost.
    -   Matt is also suggesting uninterruptable power supplies (UPS)
    -   Church will be 100 years old in a few years, and there are
        concerns about fire. No remote printing. (Ideas about mitigating
        fire with cameras, haylon-like "exploding" balls to suppress /
        extinguish fires, etc.)
    -   [Pi-Hole](https://pi-hole.net/) DNS server? ("**pihole -g**" and
        "**pihole -up**" to keep it up to date.)

### Director-at-Large Reports

#### Gabe

#### John

## Adjournment

Adjourned by at 8:37 by Michelle

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
