`{{TOCright}}`{=mediawiki}

## Time and Location

:   Date: October 13th, 2020
:   Called to order at 7:35 pm by Karen
:   Members present: (7) Karen, Ken, Luis, John, Matt, Ken, Tayeb
:   Members remote: None
:   Others present:
:   [Quorum](Quorum)

    :   Quorum met? Yes

## Approval of [Previous Meeting's Minutes](Regular_Member_Meeting_2020_08_18)

Approved

## Recognition

## New Members

No new members

## Old Business

-   Tayeb: Successful HacDC Software Defined Radio meetup! Going to
    continue on September 23rd, this time by posting ahead of time all
    of the GNURadio flowgraphs -- re-upped

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   We have not heard anything new from the District Makers, and are not
    sure if they are still active in any way. There is potential for
    setting up a shop in the basement in collaboration with them (maybe
    give them control). Eugene sent email, Tayeb sent back email
    offering dates for zoom call (Tue, Wed, Thur first week of
    September) but heard no response. After calling, we are now planning
    on meeting with Eugene September 22nd at 6pm -- We met! No areas of
    overlap for collaboration sadly and we will check back in a while
    with Eugene

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Brian: Looked to fix network issues to allow full remote operation
    of Ham Radio station. Will need to interface with the IT person from
    St Stephens. Ethan Waldo volunteered to help fix this, Don and Mike
    were able to work to fix this so it should work now -- Internet
    connection is likely fixed, modifications needed to make it remote
    operable

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Karen and John to meet and install the new HacDC door lock, and then
    email the membership with the new information to access the space --
    Karen replaced the lock!

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Brian and John: Possibility of charging for remote use of the Ham
    Radio Station for non-members. A significant amount of work needed
    on the roof of HacDC that has a non-zero cost. To ponder for a
    month: where should the revenue go? To HacDC directly, the Ham Radio
    Club (a separate 501c3) or a mixture of both?

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Kevin: Is there a possibility of making the servers available to
    HacDC members? Tayeb volunteers himself to try initial setup of the
    servers

## New Business

-   John: Time of year to talk to Mike about the future years rent
    situation -- should we reach out to Mike or wait for him to reach
    out to us?

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   Tayeb: Hosting monthly SDR meetups, one software synthesizer meetup
    in December -- both posted on Meetup

```{=html}
<!-- -->
```
-   John: What might be some events that would introduce them to the
    club that would bring people in? Getting a laser cutter -- earmark
    money perhaps -- Karen volunteers to reach out to Mike

## [Project Awesome](:Category:Project_Awesome) Reports

### Project HAMRADIO - Jeff

### Project Electron Microscope (SEM)

## Member Reports

## Director Reports (Governance related stuff)

### President's Report

### Vice President's Report

### Treasurer's Report

Financial Report: Current Balance -- \$4935 We currently have 17 paying
members, \$870 from dues and an additional \$370 from donations. Rent is
\$732 for September, total expenses are \$793

HacDC Amateur Radio Club to itemize the costs of their equipment to add
to the insurance.

### Secretary's Report

### Director-at-Large Reports

## Adjournment

Adjourned by at 20:38 by Karen

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
