## Time and Location {#time_and_location}

December 11, 2012

Meeting called to order at 19:48 by Eric

Members Present: Eric, Dan, Tim S, Ben, Chris, Jamie, Bill, Rich, Steve,
Phil, Justin, Martin, Todd, David, Nick, Jon, Katie

Others Present: Enrique, Paul, Christine P,

[Quorum](Quorum) met? Yes

## Approval of Previous Meeting's Minutes {#approval_of_previous_meetings_minutes}

[Regular Member Meeting 2012 11
13](Regular_Member_Meeting_2012_11_13) approved

## Recognition

David put in a lot of hard work cleaning up the basement. He had some
help, but he doesn't remember their names. Everyone appreciates his
effort.

## Director Reports {#director_reports}

### President's Report {#presidents_report}

We had our second BOD planning meeting of the year. This was a virtual
meeting using Google Hangout. We began the work of reviewing the draft
Standing Rules which will be voted on at the Annual Meeting in February.
We mainly discussed Remote Voting and reviewed the existing rules while
learning the ropes of Hangout. In addition we came up with some
solutions to the Tip Jar and agreed to purchase at least one acrylic
lock box as a replacement. we also discussed space organization
(shelves, clear boxes) and workspace cleanup.

### Vice President's Report {#vice_presidents_report}

TECS class is going strong with 6-8 people per night. Byzantium has been
taking a break. Awarded runner up in Access Awards, which is a grant
we'd applied for a few months ago. We were happy and honored to be a
finalist, even if we didn't get any money.

### Treasurer's Report {#treasurers_report}

Here is the financial summary spreadsheet for November 2012:
![](HacDC_Financials_2012_11.pdf "HacDC_Financials_2012_11.pdf") We had
one member join (Joseph Curtin), and four members dropped or were
dropped (Alan McCosh, Lawrence Scott, Ketan Kadiwala, and sean
rutledge). **Nine** non-paying members left us with only 48 paying
members. This is far below the 57 we need to meet expenses, and I hope
we can turn the trend around ASAP. I sent out many emails and got some
dues signups but quite a few are still outstanding.

Quorum remains at 14.

Ignoring our uncashed rent check, regular expenses exceeded dues
revenues and additional donations by \$138.

#### Project Awesome {#project_awesome}

We deferred \$300 Project Awesome funds to this month, but because of
the shortfall I am only able to declare a \$100 project dividend for
November. Two other projects got proposed (BYZANTIUM and KITBUILD) but
no one actually voted for BYZANTIUM yet, so \$33 went to KITBUILD and
\$67 went to Project LASER in November.

Here is the Project Awesome spreadsheet for November:
![](HacDC_PA_Projects-2012_11.pdf "HacDC_PA_Projects-2012_11.pdf").

### Secretary's Report {#secretarys_report}

Looking into anti-discrimination and -harassment policy.

### Director-at-Large Reports {#director_at_large_reports}

#### Martin

The donated Cisco IP phones: 12 were donated to church. Martin claimed
the leftovers and sold them on Ebay in a personal sale, producing \$240
that will be donated to HacDC.

#### Andy

Absent due to a laser-related workplace accident. :(

## [Project Awesome](:Category:Project_Awesome) Reports {#project_awesome_reports}

### Project LASER {#project_laser}

The response to my request for additional donations to Project LASER has
been awesome - \$1350 from 11 members, plus \$100 cash from the November
meeting. So with the previously earmarked \$2566, we are at \$4016!! In
addition, Brian Harrington's company is supposed to give us a matching
donation of at least \$250. My total for the Full Spectrum Laser "new
hobby" model laser order was \$4360 so we are very close!

If anyone has suggestions on a better laser cutter for \~\$4400 all in,
please let me know! People have some complaints about Full Spectrum
Engineering and although the laser seems like a good value, it is not
the equal of the "real" ones from Epilog or wherever. I'll certainly do
more research before going through with the order. --Tim

### Project BYZANTIUM {#project_byzantium}

Skipped the last sprint because of busy schedules. Have a new build that
Just Works and is Commotion-compatible. Eventually HacDC will be part of
the neighborhood mesh community. There have been a couple of articles
covering the post-Sandy Red Hook mesh networking efforts that HacDC
participated in. Helped install a dish on the RHI building. RHI is
working to get a permanent agreement with the city to do mesh networking
and provide Internet access to people who otherwise wouldn't have it.

### Project KITBUILD {#project_kitbuild}

There was a hot sale at www.PartsExpress.com so I bought 10 sets of
irons, solder, wick, tools, and DMMs. Total cost was about \$300. I also
bought 30 SMT Christmas tree kits for \$1 each. We will figure out
reimbursement details later. Been too busy with Project LASER to plan a
workshop but am still interested. --Tim

## Member Reports {#member_reports}

### Hax

Two space improvement projects: cartography crash course and a fume hood
for the workroom (at least \_slightly\_ chemical-safe).

### Dan

Going to makertech Tuesday at Chaz's. Dan graciously accepted a laser
that Jon Singer wanted to offload; it's currently at Chaz's in
Hyattsville. Negotiating getting a 6000 Watt laser. It would require a
forklift to move. It would be physically impossible to put it in the
basement. We (HacDC) will have visiting rights to it once a box is
properly set up.

Jon has more lasers that he knows work but hasn't set up yet. We're
negotiating to get a laser room. Could do a class on making holograms.
He also has some power supplies.

Was looking at Arduino bluetooth with respect to Party Mode.

Basement looks much better. You might want to look at the outgoing pile.

### Eric

Lockers are in limited supply. We'll look at improving how we store and
label things.

### David

Sterilite with locking tops (available at Target) would help with the
storage organization.

Have agreed to donate a robotic arm that was used to sequence the human
genome. It'll be at Chaz's place.

### Katie

Project Byzantium stickers are in. HacDC logo stickers should arrive
Real Soon Now. Developing a second e-textile workshop to run in the
first quarter of next year.

## Old Business {#old_business}

## New Business {#new_business}

-   Proposal to approve holiday gift of \$100 to our excellent security
    guard. Approved.

## New Members {#new_members}

Paul: recently moved to DC. Background in open source software, worked
at OLPC, have been doing work overseas. With brother designed own 3D
printer. Approved!

Christine: Works on tech/civil society/international development
projects. Beyond Access. Was involved with Foulab and Coworking
Montreal. Approved!

## Adjournment

Adjourned at: 21:16.

[Category:Meeting Minutes](Category:Meeting_Minutes)
