This is the class page for the summer of 2011 Robotics Class at
<http://hacdc.org>. There is a HacDC robotics [mailing
list](https://groups.google.com/a/hacdc.org/group/Robotics/topics?lnk).

![ 800 px](_Hacdc_robotics_2011_floating_faces.png " 800 px")

***Course prerequisites:***

Basic knowledge of python programming

Basic linux knowledge (operating from the unix command line). Ubuntu
10.04 LTS will be used for this class.

A native [Electric ROS
installation](http://www.ros.org/wiki/electric/Installation/Ubuntu) on
your computer.

*VirtualBox note: It appears that trying to use the gazebo simulator
with VirtualBox is problematic. For this reason we suggest that if you
are trying to do the homeworks on your own that you use a native
installation of Ubuntu on your machine. There are numerous ways of
installing Ubuntu, including onto a separate partition, or even on an
external USB disk.*

***Registering:***

The class is now over, but the homeworks are freely viewable and should
be self explanatory.

***Course syllabus:***

Class 1 (June 4, 2011 **10:30am - 12:30pm**) Introduction to
[ROS](http://www.ros.org) and the robot we will be using for the class.
Assignment will involve interpreting robot sensor state and developing a
robot "mood metric". [More information regarding Assignment 1 "Endowing
a robot with
emotions"](http://wiki.hacdc.org/index.php/Robotics_Class_2011/Assignment_1)

Class 2 (June 18, 2011 **10:30am - 12:30pm**) Introduction to computer
vision and face detection using
[vision_opencv](http://www.ros.org/wiki/vision_opencv). Assignment will
involve processing image data and using the OpenCV toolkit to do face
detection (the routine is already provided in OpenCV). [More information
regarding Assignment 2 "Detecting
Faces"](http://wiki.hacdc.org/index.php/Robotics_Class_2011/Assignment_2)

Class 3 (July 2, 2011 **10:30am - 12:30pm**) Introduction to moving the
robot base. The assignment will continue the face detection of the
previous class, we will move the robot to track a face, both rotating
the base to keep a constant face position, and moving the base forward
and backward to keep a constant face scale. [More information regarding
Assignment 3 "Tracking CLUs on the
Grid"](http://wiki.hacdc.org/index.php/Robotics_Class_2011/Assignment_3)

Class 4 (July 16, 2011 **10:30am - 12:30pm**) Using the
[smach](http://www.ros.org/wiki/smach) executive to write robot state
machines. Assignment will involve writing a state machine that allows
the robot to [navigate](http://www.ros.org/wiki/navigation) through the
secret HacDC warehouse and investigate the recent claims of paranormal
activity. [More information regarding Assignment 4 "Paranormal
Activities in the HacDC Antiquities
Warehouse"](http://wiki.hacdc.org/index.php/Robotics_Class_2011/Assignment_4)

Class 5 (August 6, 2011 **10:30am - 12:30pm**) **Field Trip!** Members
of the 2011 HacDC robotics class went to visit [Dr. Evan
Drumwright](http://www.seas.gwu.edu/~drum/) and the
[PR2](http://www.willowgarage.com/pages/pr2/overview) at GWU.

![ 500 px](_Hacdc-gw-trip.JPG " 500 px")

Class 6 (August 20, 2011 **10:30am - 12:30pm**) Introduction to point
clouds. Visualizing 3D point cloud data using
[rviz](http://www.ros.org/wiki/rviz). Using
[tf](http://www.ros.org/wiki/tf) to transform point clouds into the
robot base frame. Also, we'll have open question time where questions
can be asked on any previous homework assignments and questions about
how the homeworks were set up, for example the robot description for the
simulation. Anything goes!

***Course Links:***

The iRobot Open Interface Document will be useful for the class: [iRobot
Create
Manuals](http://www.irobot.com/hrd_right_rail/create_rr/create_fam/createFam_rr_manuals.html)

The HacDC ROS repository will also be useful: [HacDC ROS
Repository](http://code.google.com/p/hacdc-ros-pkg/source/checkout)

An excellent article on PID control: [T. Wescott, "PID Without a
PhD"](http://www.eetimes.com/ContentEETimes/Documents/Embedded.com/2000/f-wescot.pdf)

An excellent book on planning algorithms: [S. LaValle, Planning
Algorithms](http://planning.cs.uiuc.edu)

A standard text on probabilistic robotics: [S. Thrun, W. Burgard, D.
Fox, Probabilistic Robotics](http://www.probabilistic-robotics.org/)

[Category:Classes](Category:Classes)
