## HacDC Feb 6th Preliminary Party Plans

The runtime of the event will take place from 10pm and I believe a run
time of ending at 3:30 or 4am should be sufficient for cleanup and
restoring location.

### Personnel

I think we would need about 20(+) people operation as
security/sweepers/workers roving around making sure things are
operating.\
One/Two running the door.\
Two people on the sides of the pews.\
One person by the stage for the DJ's,\
One person running the access to the VIP area on the loft.\
One person Roving around the back by the Hackerspace projects/Bar area.\
One in the HacDC area upstairs.\
One near the stairs roving up and down making sure people know where to
go.\
One Overall rover and running in case any area gets swamped.\

|               |                      |                                                       |               |                                                       |            |                            |          |                            |          |                            |            |                            |               |                                                                               |
|:-:|:--:|::|:--:|::|:--:|:----:|:--:|:----:|:--:|:----:|:--:|:----:|:--:|::|
|   **when**    |       **what**       |                        **who**                        |   **what**    |                        **who**                        |  **what**  |          **who**           | **what** |          **who**           | **what** |          **who**           |  **what**  |          **who**           |   **what**    |                                    **who**                                    |
|  from 16:00   |      setup help      |     [Eric Michaud](User:Eric_Michaud)      |               |              [???](User:???)               |            | [???](User:???) |          | [???](User:???) |          | [???](User:???) |            | [???](User:???) |               |                          [???](User:???)                           |
| 21:00 - 22:00 |     at the pews      | [???](User:???)/[???](User:???) | door security | [???](User:???)/[???](User:???) | stage help | [???](User:???) | VIP area | [???](User:???) | bar area | [???](User:???) | HacDC area | [???](User:???) | other errands | [Eric Michaud](User:Eric_Michaud)/[Astera](User:Astera) |
| 22:00 - 23:00 |     at the pews      | [???](User:???)/[???](User:???) | door security | [???](User:???)/[???](User:???) | stage help | [???](User:???) | VIP area | [???](User:???) | bar area | [???](User:???) | HacDC area | [???](User:???) | other errands | [Eric Michaud](User:Eric_Michaud)/[Astera](User:Astera) |
| 23:00 - 00:00 |     at the pews      | [???](User:???)/[???](User:???) | door security | [???](User:???)/[???](User:???) | stage help | [???](User:???) | VIP area | [???](User:???) | bar area | [???](User:???) | HacDC area | [???](User:???) | other errands | [Eric Michaud](User:Eric_Michaud)/[Astera](User:Astera) |
| 00:00 - 01:00 |     at the pews      | [???](User:???)/[???](User:???) | door security | [???](User:???)/[???](User:???) | stage help | [???](User:???) | VIP area | [???](User:???) | bar area | [???](User:???) | HacDC area | [???](User:???) | other errands | [Eric Michaud](User:Eric_Michaud)/[Astera](User:Astera) |
| 01:00 - 02:00 |     at the pews      | [???](User:???)/[???](User:???) | door security | [???](User:???)/[???](User:???) | stage help | [???](User:???) | VIP area | [???](User:???) | bar area | [???](User:???) | HacDC area | [???](User:???) | other errands | [Eric Michaud](User:Eric_Michaud)/[Astera](User:Astera) |
| 02:00 - 03:00 |     at the pews      | [???](User:???)/[???](User:???) | door security | [???](User:???)/[???](User:???) | stage help | [???](User:???) | VIP area | [???](User:???) | bar area | [???](User:???) | HacDC area | [???](User:???) | other errands | [Eric Michaud](User:Eric_Michaud)/[Astera](User:Astera) |
| 03:00 - 04:00 |     at the pews      | [???](User:???)/[???](User:???) | door security | [???](User:???)/[???](User:???) | stage help | [???](User:???) | VIP area | [???](User:???) | bar area | [???](User:???) | HacDC area | [???](User:???) | other errands | [Eric Michaud](User:Eric_Michaud)/[Astera](User:Astera) |
|  04:00 - end  |     at the pews      | [???](User:???)/[???](User:???) | door security | [???](User:???)/[???](User:???) | stage help | [???](User:???) | VIP area | [???](User:???) | bar area | [???](User:???) | HacDC area | [???](User:???) | other errands | [Eric Michaud](User:Eric_Michaud)/[Astera](User:Astera) |
| the day after | cleaning up the mess |     [Eric Michaud](User:Eric_Michaud)      |               |              [???](User:???)               |            | [???](User:???) |          | [???](User:???) |          | [???](User:???) |            | [???](User:???) |               |                          [???](User:???)                           |

#### Non-Security

`<s>`{=html}Two non security people should be running the Bar, or based
on the amount of people rushing it One.`</s>`{=html}\
The bar will be officially run by ToorCamp folks.

### Logistics

I believe wrist banding(or sharpying) OR getting stickers and tagging
the shmoocon badge would be the best way for the party where we ID
everyone at the door with either Passports or Government issued ID for
the liquor that will be on premises.

`<s>`{=html}Liquor and beer stuff – If we are expecting 500 people at
the maximum, not everyone will be drinking, but a lot are boozehounds,
so I would say a median of 4 bottles of beer per person should be the
average. So a total of 2000 bottles of a variety of Beer, but we can
switch that up by 1000 Bottles of beer for a selection of Liquors with
mixers, but then we have to worry abut cutting people off.
`</s>`{=html} - taken care of by h1kari

For locations of equipment for the Hackerspaces section. We would need
at least a 6 foot table per presentation.

Chillout area as requested by H1kari will probably be upstairs in the
loft soft chairs/bean bags would have to be acquired if they can fit. Or
other accomadations. I currently do not know based on pictures what the
setup would be upstairs for that the happen. Nick will further inform on
that situation.

-   -   please sign up above to help with setting the space up

For the Main area

We are planning on having the DJ's play in “front” of the altar
`<s>`{=html}With the front 50 percent of the pews moved from the Main
area to the side and`</s>`{=html} have the Two security personel walking
back and forth to make sure people don't mess with the areas.

### Technical Equipment Desired

-   Three (3) Video Projectors & tables or mounting for each projector
-   One (1) Dozen trash barrels along with cleaning suppliles
-   Lots of Caution tape to rope off restricted areas.
-   Laser Graffiti provided by CCCKC
-   Lighting
    -   -Ashfixit can provide \~10 par cans lamped with par56 500w mfl
        -- needs gels, bases and cable

I would like to have ceiling and hall bathed in Red and the pillars in
another color but Ash and I are discussing other ideas, but that is just
the overall look of the place. We would need strobes and other lighting
implements for the music and general feel. I'm discussing with Josh(The
DJ from Chicago) if we are to use Geiss or other visualizations in sync
with the music I'm working on other visualizations to be put on during
the whole event.

DJ Equipment Rented they said they need power within 100 Feet.

This is current rental plus ashes audio equipment

1 Technics sl1200 mk II turntable in road case with slipmat and basic
needle 1 Technics 1200 provided by Ash 1 Pioneer djm 800 mixer in road
case 2 Mackie swa-1801 powered 18” subwoofers 2 Mackie srm-350 by Ash 2
Mackie srm-450 powered 12” full range speakers 1 Rane Serato SL scratch
live interface box and cables ( rca and usb ), control vinyl records x2
included All necessary speaker poles, power and signal cables are
included. Power for system must be within 100feet. 1 6 foot banquet
style table should be provided by venue. And sound dampening to be put
in.

Josh will be bringing his I will be bringing my KORG KP3 effects pad for
all to use.

Holt has recommended <http://www.pleasurehousesound.com/rentals.cfm> -
seems like a appropriate company and prices that Josh and I have decided
that we will rent from them out of pocket for the remainder of the
equipment so as to not have hassles.

DJ Personal commuted/confirmed

DJ Jackalope (Cancelled for work engagement)

DJ Josh of Epoch Fail

DJ Keith Myers aka CMOS

DJ HSO

### Other IMPORTANT details

I do not know based on current photos which religious  ornamentation 
will be covered or need to be covered but Nick will make everyone aware
which has to be.

I was made aware that we have full setup for cleanup after the fact. But
if not if we can have who is also going to stay after for cleanup, that
would be wonderful. I am staying until the job is done.

### Projects to Possibly show in the Auditorium

Travis Goodspeed and Josh Gourneau, Belt Buckle with LED's -
<http://www.radiantmachines.com/party-mode-belt-buckle/>

LabyWiinth - CCCKC - <http://blog.cowtowncomputercongress.org/?p=153>

Mp3 Grenade - NYCR, Matt Joyce. -
<http://www.nycresistor.com/2009/01/20/mp3-grenade/>

Laser Graffiti Tag - CCCKC -
<http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DKbtTPYZEig>

Possible Auction? - Nick get back to me on this.

[Category:Events](Category:Events)
