# Disposal Policy (Approved at 2015-04 meeting)

Storage shall include a clearly labeled “Outgoing” shelf area and a
clearly labeled “Trash” shelf area. The Outgoing area shall be
considered closed to new items (and clearly labeled as such) at least 2
weeks prior to each monthly members' meeting and all items photographed
and advertised to members at that time. Immediately following each
monthly members' meeting, the Secretary shall coordinate the relabeling
of Outgoing pile items as Trash. Members will thus have a minimum of 2
weeks to remove any items from Outgoing. Knowledgeable members are
encouraged to establish and announce the fair market value of any
high-value items in Outgoing.

Members may only take personal ownership of HacDC items in the **Trash**
pile. Members may make arrangements with the Secretary to take
possession of HacDC property as soon as it's moved to the Trash pile
(following the monthly members meeting).

If the Trash shelving is near capacity, the Board may solicit bids for
the chore of responsibly disposing of the entire Trash pile at a monthly
members' meeting, up to the maximum of one monthly membership fee
(currently \$60). In the absence of a membership vote otherwise, the
Board may only accept the lowest bid. The DC Department of Public Works
offers a free, weekly electronics recycling drop-off service at the
Benning Road Trash Transfer Station, 3200 Benning Road NE, each Saturday
from 8 am to 3 pm (check website for updated hours).

In cases of emergency when storage shelving is full and access to work
areas or the safety of members requires accelerated disposal of HacDC
property, the Board of Directors may vote to document, declare and
announce an Emergency Disposal Week and shorten the minimum
advertisement period of Outgoing to 3 days for that week.

# Storage Policy (Approved at 2015-04 meeting)

This policy shall take effect at the June 2015 members' meeting.

Whereas HacDC has a considerable cache of valuable tools, parts, items
and materials but these are currently not inventoried and their
availability, purpose, value and custody is unclear to most members.
Whereas HacDC's current disposal policy asks individual members to
decree items as “junk” for disposal, often without consensus, and a
better policy would identify unwanted items by consensus rather than
decree.

**Custody of Basement Storage Areas**

Basement storage areas will be divided into sections and each section
clearly labeled with with either a member's name or a HacDC project name
as a custodian. The custodian may also identify a backup custodian at
her or his discretion. The custodian for each area is responsible for
deciding what items may be stored there, what may be transferred to
another custodian or moved to the Outgoing shelf. Approval of the
custodian should be assured before items are added or removed from his
or her area. The custodian shall be responsible for creating and
updating an electronic inventory of all items in the storage they manage
in a timely manner and transmitting that inventory to the Secretary. The
inventory shall note whether the items are available as HacDC tools,
tools on loan to HacDC (and owner's contact info), available as HacDC
materials, or already assigned to a HacDC project. The custodians shall
report the unauthorized removal or disappearance of items under their
custody to the Board as soon as possible. Upon departure or resignation
of a custodian, custody passes to the backup custodian designated, if
any. Items in areas left with no designated custodian shall be
advertised as available to members and, after 2 months, either returned
to their owners (if on loan) or moved to the Outgoing shelves. Members
are encouraged to propose projects to incorporate ongoing HacDC
functions, such as Store, Museum, Servers, Raw Materials, etc. into this
policy.

**Assignment of Basement Storage to Custodians**

Members and/or project POCs wishing to have custody of basement storage
area should make a request to the Board including the dimensions of the
area requested (e.g. 2x2x2 ft). If total space requested exceeds the
total storage space, the Board will determine the least harmful
reductions in the allocated spaces. Any reduction in the space
previously allocated must give custodians 1 month notice. Temporary or
permanent overruling of the Board's allocation decisions can be made by
member vote. At least one storage space of 2x2x2 ft will be kept empty
and made immediately available to new members who desire storage space.

[Category:EverydayPolicy](Category:EverydayPolicy)
