Possibly three tables at USASEF from Gary Mauler. Told him we would be
talking about this tonight, Three tables for beginner electronics, lock
picking, ham radio, maybe CTF (if we can abbreviate it)

Tristin: We could do something flashy but less interactive with
Wireshark

Gary is looking to get individuals involved as well, so let your friends
know if they are interested in showing off. Gary interested in
interactive art pieces Would Alberto be interested in showing something
off?

Reach out to Robert at Dupont underground and Nehemia at NonstopArt to
see if they are interested in possibly sharing space

We should do a conference call with Nehemia at NonstopArt because that
might make it more likely that we will actually meet

DeepLearning Class: Figure out how to attach Venmo directly to Paypal to
take money from visitors

Electronics Class with Loui: Yay! All About Circuits, he's working
through it every week

`                                                             1,43          Top`

Gary is looking to get individuals involved as well, so let your friends
know if they are interested in showing off. Gary interested in
interactive art pieces Would Alberto be interested in showing something
off?

Reach out to Robert at Dupont underground and Nehemia at NonstopArt to
see if they are interested in possibly sharing space

We should do a conference call with Nehemia at NonstopArt because that
might make it more likely that we will actually meet

DeepLearning Class: Figure out how to attach Venmo directly to Paypal to
take money from visitors

Electronics Class with Loui: Yay! All About Circuits, he's working
through it every week

Karen: We need to keep track of who is coming in this space Who came and
visited and when. Have a sense that in the warmer months we just have
drop ins that are interested in seeing the space Maybe say, come on down
maybe just \$5 or \$10 to use the equipment

Who came and visited and when. Have a sense that in the warmer months we
just have drop ins that are interested in seeing the space Maybe say,
come on down maybe just \$5 or \$10 to use the equipment Suggestion from
Brian Madonna: Maybe use a laptop as a sign in sheet

Bobby: Basic monthly newsletter

Tristin: Most other DCTech meetups are on the DCTech Slack channel.
Might be helpful to know about this

Karen: What is the heavy equipment in the basement and does it work? Do
a basement inventory

Potential plan once the closet is emptied to make it into a ham radio
booth So let's not worry about the door just yet, since there might be a
replacement of the door coming

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Kevin's Report: DC Infrastructure Academy looked like the most promising
gropu at the DC DOES event. Man at that table was very interested after
Ken talked to him about using microcontrollers with cars to tinker. We
gave him our information DC Public Schools (public schools librarians)
think we are a professional operation still. Karen: We'll have to say it
many times, but still be kind and welcoming if/when they do come visit

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Ken's Report: Talking about same meetings as Kevin, at DC DOES talked
about possibly partnering with organization that installs solar panels
to provide microcontroller support (talking specifically about DC
Infrastructure Academy). If it proves valuable to people who are being
placed, have training providers integrate it into their training. We
could train the trainers

Ken will follow up with the organizer of the librarian event, told them
about some of the projects we had done. HacDC helped there

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Karen: Is there any new business? Chris: I'd like to become a member
Talking about his work on the laser cutter, work left on the firing of
the laser cutter smoothie board.
