I think this is a horrible idea! Libera me... Free me! We need a free
and open membership with power to create, build, and change the world.
Creating little power structures is only going to limit the potential
and opportunity for the membership.

And, we are creating a system that allows limitless possibilities...
let's keep building that and focus on innovation, leaving behind us
rules and regulations.

Richard Bewley, Donor

## Strong oppose. This is a hacker space, not Model UN. {#strong_oppose._this_is_a_hacker_space_not_model_un.}

The proposal uses the euphemism "quickly organized projects" to refer to
everything the space has ever done. The opposite of a "quickly organized
project" is not, as it would seem, a "project with advance notice".
Rather, it is a "project with advance notice at least one
quorum-achieving meeting prior to its start, administrative overhead,
and a papermonger to ride herd over the whole thing".

I like to remind people how expensive volunteer labor really is. It's
also fickle. This policy would have the effect of biasing the process
*towards* those members who revel in paperwork, and *against*, well,
everyone who's ever actually *accomplished anything* for HacDC.

By my reading, if this policy had been in place from the beginning:

**No shelves would have been built.** Not only did the total expense for
lumber and hardware (and the circular saw) exceed \$100, but it was all
purchased in drips and drabs when the need for it became apparent. Even
supposing that there HAD been frequent quora to approve budgets, I
wouldn't have undertaken the project because I am allergic to paperwork.
If you find someone else who has a fondness for administrivia, a hand
for carpentry, *and* a few hundred hours a month to dedicate to HacDC,
by all means, send 'em over.

**The Patent Examiner's stuff would've been passed up.** Renting the van
was a chunk of change, and I believe it was reimbursed. (I'm not sure of
that, however.) Regardless, it came out of nowhere on very short notice,
and no instant quorum was available to approve it.

**HackersMart would not have happened.** Yes, the idea was mentioned
some time in advance of HOPE. But it didn't take clear enough shape to
actually put together a budget for it until much later. Purchasing parts
was *already* delayed so far that one order didn't arrive in time, and
that's with no additional paperwork overhead. The pegboard display wall
wouldn't have been built, since I didn't know what it would consist of
until I was halfway done building it. And did you notice that the
pegboard was carefully sized for reuse, enabling the [Components
Store](Components_Store) display wall to pop up with zero
additional purchases? I think that's good value for money, but I
wouldn't have done it if there'd been hoops to jump through. Who would
have?

Again, this policy would restrict such activity to only those
individuals who can write up a detailed and complete BoM prior to
beginning work. So far, I think everything that's actually benefitted
the space has been done by individuals and in circumstances that this
policy would block.

**Bureaucrats beget bureaucracy.** I oppose this trend as strongly as an
absentee member can. Every bit of effort, every speck of sawdust, every
drop of sweat I shed on behalf of HacDC is insulted by this proposal.
[Myself](User:Myself) 19:58, 7 August 2008 (UTC)

------------------------------------------------------------------------

(moved from original discussion page)

## Reasons for Opposition

-   I think this idea sucks!

`   Objections without reasons or identity are easily discounted. `[`Ben`](User:Ben)` 17:49, 7 August 2008 (UTC)`

-   I'm against this, since adding bureaucracy and extra work for the
    ministers is not good, particularly when there's no organizational
    need for it. If there were any substantive abuses of the current
    processes to cite, then something like this could makes sense.
    Status quo and less paperwork FTW. [Ben](User:Ben) 17:49,
    7 August 2008 (UTC)

## So yeah. What Nate said. {#so_yeah._what_nate_said.}

Getting stuff done is difficult. Adding further barriers to getting
stuff done is counter to the spirit of the space. The current system,
where people who need to get/buy stuff fork out their own money and run
the risk of not being reimbursed, is plenty restrictive to prevent
frivolous uses of our funds.

Further, I don't know of any instances of misuse of group funds.
Creating rules to deal with imaginary problems (that may or may not ever
become real) is a waste of time, and in this case is also harmful to our
regular activities.

Finally, I think that spontaneous donations (of both time and money) are
more frequent and larger-scale than any of the perceived problems. For
instance, I know of some people who went out to NYC's Chinatown to buy
supplies for sale for the Hackersmart at HOPE, and ended up contributing
the supplies to the store rather than seeking reimbursement. And this is
in addition to the 10+ hours they spent manning the store. And don't
forget the Metrocard!

We're a volunteer group of good people trying to make something cool.
That spirit is, in itself, very important to me. I'll kick the ass
(metaphorically) of anyone who tries to further bureaucratize our space
in ways that reduce flexibility or put up barriers to contribution.

-- Elliot.
