This is the working schedule for USASEF 2016 logistics. Edit as needed.
Items are the TazMega, TazStiff, LulzbotMini, HacDC banners and
propaganda kit.

**WEDNESDAY NIGHT** Julia will take the MINI and PROPAGANDA BIN home
somehow.

**THURSDAY 6AM-7AM** Mirage and Rob bring the MEGA and STIFF and TAZ to
Capitol OFFSITE SECURITY, wherever that is, by 7am. Julia is optional
but very helpful.

**THURSDAY 8AM-10AM** Julia shows up at Public Knowledge (1818 N St NW)
with the MINI and PROPAGANDA. Nancy and Mirage show up.

**THURSDAY 10AM-3PM** Julia, Nancy, Tom and Mirage hang out at 3D DC.
Tom leaves at 12PM. Nancy leaves at some point. Julia leaves for another
appointment. Mirage continues enjoying the event. Julia returns, at some
point before 3-4pm.

**THURSDAY 3PM-5PM** Julia and Mirage set up the HacDC booth for the
evening reception.

**THURSDAY 4PM-5PM** Tom picks up the U-Haul van and brings it near the
Capitol for later, leaving his car near the U-Haul location.

**THURSDAY 5:30PM-8:30PM** Tom, Enrique, Mirage, Julia are at the HacDC
booth at the reception and Tom doesn't get drunk because...

**THURSDAY 9PM-11PM** Tom brings the van by the Capitol and Julia, Tom
and Enrique load all the HacDC gear into it. Tom finds close, safe
overnight location (TBD#1) parking for the van. Enrique gives Tom a ride
back to his car, at the U-Haul place. (Plan B: Tom takes the van home
instead of his car)

**FRIDAY 6-9AM** Tom returns to TBD#1, parks his car and takes the van
to the Convention Center. Julia, Mirage and Rob meet Tom to offload the
gear to the convention center (to booth #1949, Robotfest's).

**FRIDAY 9AM-12PM** Tom returns the van to the U-Haul location and needs
a ride back to TBD#1 (unless his car is there, Plan B)

**FRIDAY 10AM-6PM or whatever** VIPs come by USASEF, Julia and Mirage
are there and whoever else sticks around. Some things might need to be
put away for the night.

**SATURDAY 8AM-10AM** Julia, Enrique, Mirage, Don, etc, reassemble the
HacDC booth.

**SATURDAY 10AM-6PM** USASEF! Julia, Mirage, Tom, Don, Enrique, Bobby,
Nancy, schedules not set.

**SATURDAY 7PM-whenever** We all head back to HacDC for pizza and beer
(well BYOB), aka AFTERPARTY #1

**SUNDAY 10AM-6PM** USASEF! Julia, Mirage, Tom, Don, Enrique, Bobby,
Nancy, schedules not set.

**SUNDAY 6PM-7PM** Julia, Enrique, Mirage, Rob, etc tear down and load
the HacDC gear into Rob's car again.

**SUNDAY 7PM-whenever** We all head back to HacDC for AFTERPARTY #2,
Bring-your-own-ibuprofen
