Mirach Metallurgy Co.,Limited is a State-controlling, joint-ownership
enterprises, used to be a metallurgy sales department of the
subsidiaries of China National Light Industry Group since 1999. In
September 2010, to adapt the requirement of increasing overseas
metallurgy market, approved by State-owned Assets Supervision and
Administration Commission of the State Council (SASAC), Mirach
Metallurgy Co., Limited was registered in HongKong as a full exclusive
subsidiary corporation specialized in supplying tinplate, aluminium
coil, and stainless steel bar. From 2010 to 2012, the three kinds of
metal exporting attributed 85.4, 211.9 and 396.5 million USD dollars
respectively.

Based on government owned background, Mirach Metallurgy can integrate
the material sources from all national approved suppliers, the annual
contract with steel/aluminium mills guarantee the best rock bottom
competitive price for our customers. Moreover, the technology supports
from national metallurgy committee enable Mirach Metallurgy become a
high-technology and professional metallurgy distributor.

Mirach Metallurgy has three branches:

1\. Tinplate Branch:

Provide tinplate in MR, L, and D grade only with its base metal DC04
above to guarantee its sound drawing quality, which is capable of
adapting to various application conditions. And electrogalvanized coil
with DC05 above is also one of our products in hot.

2\. Aluminium Branch:

Besides normal and civil application 1000, 3000, 5000 series alloy, our
advantage is to source special application material, especially 2000 and
7000 series for aviation and precise construction. The main products are
including over width coil/sheet up to 2600mm maximum and pre-stretched
plates; the nanometer color coating coil and extruded/forging bars,
tubes and rings.

3\. Stainless Steel Bar Branch:

The diameter available can be as big as 12‚Äù or above, meanwhile the
surface and length are still free from defects. And we also provide
square and hexagonal, or other custom-made sizes.

Our professional team and cooperated experts in the mill are the
guarantee for the quality of our aluminium products. Precise management,
honest attitude and efficiency enable the delivery time can be
affirmative. We've inspected the prestige, capabilities and scales of
all the suppliers and mills with illicit record cannot enter our supply
chain.

We offer flexible and favorable payment term for our long term
cooperators, we offer 30\~180 days USANCE L/C. For end user, we can send
our technicians to cooperate on cost reduction, technical progress. For
trading and distributor customers, we can cooperate on marketing
exploitation and channel extension.

As a Chinese national government owned enterprise, Mirach Metallurgy
Co.,Limited (http://www.mirachmetallurgy.com) purposes in "Integrity,
Service, Pioneering and Innovation" as its belief, the final orientation
of Mirach is to be the best cooperation partner in metallurgy field for
our foreigner friends in Chinese market. On the way forward our
destination, we appreciate your participation.
