**Reasons Instagram Is Perfect For Your Business**

\(1\) There is no waiting around until you get back to your home or
office to take full advantage of Instagram for brand building. Using
your iPhone or Android, you snap the photo, edit, upload, add a comment
(remember to #hashtag keywords), and share from your brand's profile
within seconds.

\(2\) Unlike Facebook and Google+ where you're required to set up a
lengthy personal profile before you can set up a brand page, you are
allowed to jump right in as a brand on Instagram without any
consequence. It's a fairly easy set up process.

\(3\) Many business owners are at a loss when it comes to using social
networks to grow their customer base for the most part because they do
not have a way with words or know how to hone their creative juices for
content marketing. But everyone likes taking photos and let's be
honest - almost every one of us feels like we have a knack behind the
camera. While darkroom results often prove otherwise, the ease and
foolproof editing of Instagram will in fact turn you into the Herb Ritts
of your product/service content marketing.

\(4\) This is the great thing about using Instagram to showcase your
product/service. Instagram filters make office supply suppliers, garbage
removal services, and even internet marketers look cool. Use Instagram
to show off your product/service and even your corporate culture by
capturing candid office moments. Instagram albums give personality to
brands in a manner that no other sharing network has been able to
accomplish thus far.

Contact
**[<https://twitter.com/insta4likes>](https://twitter.com/insta4likes)**
to talk to our Social Media marketing team to get yourself started on
using Instagram to build your business.
