**1. The remote past** At 1900, Nikola Tesla developed an idea of the
first world wide transmission system. Lots of misunderstandings are
circulating around as only a few remember - or can decode - the true
operational mechanism behind the original system which was basically an
"electrostatic" communication system and had no relationship whatsoever
with Marconi's Hertzian dipole. It also had a not very well studied
relation with the so called "crawling" surface or ground waves which do
not constitute radiation but they are a kind of unusual type of
spherical "near field" although in a sense they also propagate. This was
later mathematically verified by Sommerfeld and Zenneck's work at around
1910. [(see here for a brief
explanation)](http://www.tfcbooks.com/articles/tws4.htm) and [here for
Surface Waves](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Surface_wave). A full
literature review is given
[here](http://web.mit.edu/redingtn/www/netadv/zenneck.html#fockref). It
must be noted that experts still disagree on the exact way of excitement
of such modes by finite apertures but this is mostly due to the fact
that noone thinks nowadays to work on wavelengths of the order of the
Earth's diameter. An exact treatment of the conditions of incidence to
cause these modes to appear inside a "stratified" dielectric medium was
first given by J. R. Wait and recent references can be found in these
[lectures by Daniel
Sjoberg](http://www.eit.lth.se/fileadmin/eit/courses/eten05/ht2011/lecture12.pdf).
An interesting example of a TM surface mode on a Power Line is given
[here (Tmark of Corridor Sys.
Inc.)](http://www.corridor.biz/FullArticle.pdf). An even more
interesting possibility of altered dispersion relations allowing
superluminal Zenneck and X-modes has been recently proposed by [Rafagni,
Mugnai PRE 1998](http://pre.aps.org/abstract/PRE/v58/i5/p6742_1).

**2. A "Clockwork Orange"** Around 50's, two important contributions
were added. The first was the discovery of Holography (which is
basically associated with the FFT of an image and its reproduction via
an appropriate reference beam.) by the Hungarian scientist Dennis Gabor.
The second was the re-enactment of the old Tesla idea this time for
communication with nuclear submarines during submersion. The reason was
that no other frequency can penetrate below 100m of sea water but only
those of the ULF band near the so called Shumann Resonance of the Earth
Ionosphere Spherical Waveguide which naturally resonates near 7.83 Hz.
Several US bases were then established around the world on a Project tha
tbecame known as 'SANGUINE' (from the latin for orange) from 1965 -
1973. The official report can be found in a special IEEE Proceedings
issue of 1974. The Soviets soon followed with their own ZEUS system
parts of which may still be operational today and one of its most known
stations near Pripyat (Chernobyl area) also known as DUGA-3. A
comprehensive analysis by some ham radio guys in the know can be found
[here](http://www.vlf.it/submarine/sbmarine.html) [and
here](http://www.vlf.it/zevs/zevs.htm). Immediately after closing down
SANGUINE, a Greek-American scientist in Meryland, Dennis Papadopoulos
proposed a new patent for the excitation of very low frequency modes
using microwaves for thermalization of the upper ionosphere. This was
the birth of the well known HAARP system as it finally became known
after the advent of two more patents by Bernard Eastlund. Details are by
now spread around the internet and in Wikipedia by now. It is notable
that at the last page of the 74 special IEEE issue mention is made of
the use of cold plasma explosions in the upper ionosphere for the
creation of even lower bands near 1Hz! (One can only grasp the magnitude
of such a wavelength by comparing it with the Earth - Moon distance.)It
is also notable that the Schumann band can be superposed to that of the
brain waves of most higher mammals. For the last case one may see what
technician [Mark Dow](http://lcni.uoregon.edu/~dow/) from Oregon's BDLab
thinks about [Phase Locked Oscillators (see "Miscellaneous Notes" at end
of
page)](http://lcni.uoregon.edu/~dow/Projects/Clock/Phase_locked_oscillator_clock.html)
A comprehensive article on Schumann Resonances can be found here
[Schumann
PDF](http://www.hese-project.org/hese-uk/en/papers/schlegel_schumann.pdf)
Additionally, it seems pretty interesting that after the fall of USSR
these strange photos of weird installations in Russian forests came
about [Russian Towers
Photos](http://www.thelivingmoon.com/47john_lear/02files/Strange_Towers_in_a_Russian_Forest.html)
Just by looking at them one can only wonder how is it possible that
these things were conceived as a kind of antenna system. Unless they
were no ordinary antennas, which one can think about by just looking at
the original Tesla patent were the ground electrode is buried deep
underneath the earth. (Could they be antennas for special ground waves?)
It also reported from time to time form ham radio amateurs interested in
the ULF/ELF range that strange signals of unkown origin in these bands
were heard from time to time, reminding of the ["Woodpecker
signals"](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Russian_Woodpecker) case. For
similar reports [look
here](http://www.vlf.it/kurt_3/ELF_News_2010_Part_III-1b.html) [and
here](http://www.vlf.it/kurt_4/ELF_News_2010_Part_III-2b.html).

**3. The "remote" future** The possibilities of combining diffraction by
appropriately spaced earth/aerial transmiting stations with ionospheric
waveguiding opens the road to a kind of World Wide Holographic Grid
which might prove robust enough to store and retrieve information at a
global scale without any need for current mobile/WiFi tehcnology. The
amount of information storage, the update rate and the total throuhput
cannot be computed that easily at present. Nevertheless, an additional
possibility exists for utilising an unusual property of photons (albeit
with powerful transmiters of a very unusual type). It is for a long time
known that in very high frequencies, there is a class of lasers
exhibiting the property of "Anti-bunching" statistics (mean/dispersion
much lesser one). This is associated with the weird property of a kind
of "quantum revival" even under extreme noise. That is to say that in
practice, such a system would partly remain operational even during an
electric thunderstorm or maybe an all out nuclear war! It is notable,
that Fritz-Albert Pop in Germany has verified for the last twenty years
the emission of non-thermal photons of a similar nature (statistics)
from living cells which possibly originate in some obscure quantum
mechanical excitations of DNA molecules although this is still under
research. The second question then is what it would mean to have a 10Hz
photon with a similar statistics and building a special diffraction
pattern out of this. Apart from the energy beign extremely low to detect
(E \~ frequency) there is the tremendous problem of Heisenberg type
uncertainties affecting both amplitude - phase and/or Energy/Sampling
time. But there is an additional trick not known to the many (I do not
even know why!). This possibility has to do with the existence of
***Parallel Electric and Magnetic Modes*** in closed cavities. Such
configurations are often related with the notion of curl eigen-fields or
"Beltrami" modes and they have been realized in laser cavities. [(see
Bretenaker, LeFlock, PRA
(1991))](http://pra.aps.org/abstract/PRA/v43/i7/p3704_1) The strange
thing though is that someone was looking after those modes even as far
back as 1968(!) as one can verify from some obscure articles in the
Geophysical literature. [S. B. Mende JGR
73](http://www.agu.org/pubs/crossref/1968/JA073i003p00991.shtml) As long
as one can establish a similar system of standing waves, one can then
choose to simply measure the difference between left and right polarized
photons which macroscopically is known as the Mode *Helicity*. This of
course will be no ordinary dipole antenna or anything like it but it is
not beyond current technological capabilities. The other thing that
counts in the above argument is the fact, that as Maxwell's equations
are a kind of ideal (Euler) hydrodynamics they also happen to preserve
similar topological characteristics as in the case of ordinary fluids.
And the nice thing is that one of the conserved quantities in fluids in
closed cavities is exactly the Helicity! Hence, given an established
degree of helicity in the ionospheric waveguide (ideal conditions!) than
any perturbation will immediately have to propagate. But here comes the
crucial question. In the absence of any material (plasma, dust,
etc)***what is the average speed of propagation of helicity disturbances
when it comes to a pure E/M Mode?***. Should it be exactly *c*? Or is
there a hidden connection with automatic spin synchronization known from
quantum mechanics?

[Category:HacDC_Culture](Category:HacDC_Culture)
